---
tags: course support
---

# 20220111 HISTSCI1890

### Readings:
* “[A Paradise Built in Hell](https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/301070/a-paradise-built-in-hell-by-rebecca-solnit/).” A book about communities that arise as a result of disaster.
* People assume that other people are terrible, that order will break down, but that’s not actually the case. Reframes the question of human nature.
* “Collective Courage.” Co-ops and cooperative economics in african american history. 
* “Free Fair and Alive.” A book about the commons. How various commons are designed across different mediums. 
* “Solidarity Economy.” An edited selection of economic models that aren’t stare/market/etc. A variety of things that people are experimenting with.
* The feminist origins of Agile
    * [Why Don't We Just Call Agile What It Is: Feminist | by Hanna Thomas Uose | Medium](https://medium.com/@Hanna.Thomas/why-dont-we-just-call-agile-what-it-is-feminist-8bdd9193edba)
    * [The Forgotten Feminist History of Agile Development — GameTheory](https://www.gametheoryco.com/agile-roots)

### Notes on the course
The final project students will imagine a practical utopia. Take something that matters to you and imagine if it were organized humanely and fairly and make something that would exist in that world, a poster, a podcast, etc. that is set in that speculative world. He experimented in this idea in the class on work and it was well received.

Design patterns in open source software, introduced by Christopher Alexander, arise from similar ideas. Can they make use of “design patterns” to develop a theory of cooperation? Can we find patterns for ways that things work or where they go wrong?

Use the steps of Agile, vision what is useful to students on the shared wiki, what is possible to create in the next 2-3 weeks. Is this doing what we want it to do? What is going right, what could be improved. Reflect on their reflections. 

Hoping to make things in class:
Making towers of paper and tape, reflect on how you organized yourselves

### Menu of Potential LL Support
* Tool based workshops
* A session on the Agile Manifesto / Agile Principles
* Marshmallow challenge, can use our studio to record things concurrently
* Quoting collaboration
* Turning in a screenshot of Basecamp, Asana, Slack and explaining how the tool is doing something to augment the experience.
* Wiki Tools - https://hackmd.io/S6c8fdPqR9KUL5KvHNKnJg

### LL Support Plan
Tuesdays 3-6pm
* Early in the term, a workshop on Agile project management
    * A visioning session on what a class wiki could look like/function
    * Create a gallery of utopias
* Later in the semester, a tour of options for their utopia project
    * Some students were overwhelmed with possibilities and defaulted to a text-based assignment. Think about what types of projects worked well in the past and can direct students to a short menu of options. What are the mediums that collaborations or communities are expressed in in the world + in the things that students will be studying.
    * Mediums that could be useful:
        * Map
            * Floor plans for a community center
            * A google street view of her home city, annotated with what would change
        * Posters / Infographics
            * Brochure for a time-bank
        * Manifestos
    * Model of this could be GENED1001
        * https://resources.learninglab.xyz/simple/projects/gened1001/001-audio-authoring
        * https://resources.learninglab.xyz/simple/projects/gened1001/002-video-authoring
        * https://resources.learninglab.xyz/simple/projects/gened1001/003-web-authoring

### Next steps
- Look at course syllabus and decide which days would work best for the workshops.
- Confirm which mediums feel most fruitful for the final project.