---
tags: cd
---
# Bok Media & Design Fellow - Nakul Grover

### Projects
Nakul is a Bok Media & Design Fellow and a Master's candidate in HGSE. Over the course of the year, Nakul worked with Professor Aysha Upchurch in support of the Duet Studio project, an interdisciplinary artistic-pedagogical practice that brings together individuals from a wide range of academic and artistic backgrounds to "duet" and collaborate. Duet Studio  launched at the Learning Lab in December, featuring a performance by Prof. Upchurch, who is a dancer and choreographer. From the footage captured at this event, Nakul edited a short video about the project that is now used as a way to introduce Harvard University community members to the project. Nakul has also developed a website about Duet Studio, which is set to launch soon. The website summarizes books, research, and best practices used across fields to make collaboration creative and meaningful. Nakul was a key thought partner with Prof Upchurch in planning events and creating any media required for them like videos, flyers, facilitation guides, and event prompts. Finally, Duet Studio held two additional events at the Learning Lab, facilitated by Nakul, MDF Victoria Klimova, and Prof. Upchurch. These workshops asked participants to use studio materials to create duets and then to reflect on their artistic and educational work, more broadly. Duet Studio encourages collaborations across media, arts, and disciplines at Harvard, and documentation of the sort that Nakul spearheaded is central to the project.
