# ll-today 20230525

## things

- end-of-year reporting
- prep for reality/ai week
    - summer-of-ai
        - reading group?
        - putting together everything written so far
        - establishing repo, db and authoring plan 
        - plan to add to [bok page on ai](https://bokcenter.harvard.edu/artificial-intelligence)
    - unreal, etc.
        - mpa prototyping projects for the week?
- consolidating and synthesizing stuff from studio and web weeks
    - next steps in the atem/studio zone?
    - next steps with next/code?
    - resources for the labs


## marlon
- write a bit (or do meta-writing) with Christine
- continue brainstorming the form of #the-summer-of-ai with Madeleine (and spin up the Next App and Airtable (or fork MW's base for this purpose))
- do at least an hour's worth of Unreal


## madeleine
1. Put together everything we have on ai
    * which things would we want to make into a blogs/content?
        * What would that content be in the realms of teaching/learning/ai?
            * plan for kevin and sabrina as well
            * ~95 items 
                * if we split, which forms/themes should each person own? 
                    * next.js app 
                        * mk
                    * videos/content 
                        * mw
                    * blog posts 
                        * kevin/mw
                    * course/materials
                        * sabrina 
    * ai links 
        * hack.md linked to ai tool database
            * "summer of ai book"
        * airtable 
            * new table for ai links 

## christine
- [reporting](https://hackmd.io/u670R2CTQSaqS_Iuu5pdpA?both)
- documentation from studio week
- lab plans 
    - what would we get MDFs to do
    - start with avLab

## casey 

* working on unreal
    * tutorials 
    * exploring new utilities 
 
## sophie
- finishing API project from Next.js sprint week
- working on blender
- working on unity