---
tags: weekly
---

# week of 20230522

all the things for this week.

## collaborative things
### week 2: studioLab & AV week!
#### monday planning
* what's most useful deliverable wise:
    * 1-2 minute video tutorial(s) about how to document connecting cables, atem to video hub, etc. (JK)
    * a plan for AWS (CC)
    * fellow/mpa-facing manual/checklist for all the standard set ups, in varying levels of difficulty (MK/DD)
        * meta-documentation of how to learn the studio
    * skeleton of avLab checklist and basic skills (CD)
    * MPAs making hackMDs, using img-2-md & maybe gifs
        * work on storing gifs in airtable!!
* how to operationalize:
    * turn on the system
    * set up a zone
        * music studio, glass studio, and tbd
    * going through the whole process, start to finish?
    * MK's pitch: setting up a new way to capture cards that we haven't done before
        * document this process, in a way which can then be used for other times setting up
* initial pool of gear
    * a couple of cameras running into a switcher?
#### friday's initial brainstorming re: studio & AV week
- quick think about next week (studio/AV week)
    - spray painting
    - system basics
    - producing documentation (MPAs can help with this)
    - the system / real time production (intersection of physical space + AV production)
    - AWS
    - new gear
    - building a new computer maybe
    - connecting cables + how to document
    - skeleton of av lab checklist
        - video hub, atem app, sdis together etc.
    - studio code
- content for studio week
    - interviewing to transcripts
        - HH bts story
        - topics that come up from annual report check in
    - lookbooks
    - NAHSP planning for capture workshops (documenting learning and teaching basics of capture, getting soundbites)
### continued meta summer planning
* keep adding to [staff time off](/NdEcWuefTeqDA381_pFzvA)
    * this will help us figure out chunks of time to work collaboratively
* feel free to create a personal doc in the LL-Staff-Docs section in the [summer book](https://hackmd.io/@ll-summer-23/S1gFH5-4h/%2FpV2MFip-Rp2nv56uv3V8Lg)!) to plan out exactly what and when you're psyched about working on things 
## scheduled things
* annual report check in - monday at 10am
* horizons debrief - monday at 2pm

### other things
* [Recently Created Tasks! (Work Base)](https://airtable.com/appOZgrtA6p39x0mD/tblw2qHSWFA5VavYW/viwR7ZpD5MhtoznSO?blocks=hide)


### staff particularities
* DD & JK out Thursday and Friday


## the week ahead (week 20230530)
* short week.. maybe realityLab week?
### staff particularities
* Bok closed Monday for Memorial Day
* CD out Tuesday
* DD out Tuesday and Wednesday
* JK out Wednesday through June 19