---
title: ll-today-20240315

---

# ll-today-20240315

## people

### jk
* hh
### cd

* mdf interviews

### cc
* hh

### sc
* space setup

### mw
* space
* overhead AI planning with MK
    * make sure we have enough for next week GAICA work plans/tasks (and LLUF related ones)
* quick prototype of TDM119B media for LLUF activity M and T with MK

### dd/mk
* ps11 resource framework
* overhead planning on AI with MW
* resources for TDM119B
* lluf prompts for next week
* music room

## space

- stage area
    - drop curtains to underside and inside of truss
    - likewise drop greenscreen to underside and inside of truss
    - sola on top of table 2 truss.
    - try caterpillar in a line parallel to front of stage, coming out of the center of bookcase when viewed from door
    - play with diffusion and gels and other decorative elements on exposed truss, also with green wrapped around the back of truss instead of front.
- music room (mk + helpers)
    - simple scaffolding grid to hold instruments and spare pipe
    - move in pipes and panels
    - line walls with sound panels, then plastic sheeting for now
    - fire-proof, tear-proof sheeting on floor under table
- control room
    - happy with synologies where they are or no?
    - 
- screens
    - test each screen's response to 4K input
        - from studio cam out at true 24
        - from a4k or ultrastudio or hyperdeck out (confirming UHD at true 24)
    - label screens with input-compatability
- PA 
    - locations for speakers and mics
    - 

## system mapping

- cameras
    1. main table overhead, confirm 4K, attach mics, run from studio converter, center under truss
    2. table 2 overhead, confirm 4k, center under truss, attach mics
    3. window-sill cam on greenscreen side, run on ethernet
    4. window-sill cam on entrance side, run on ethernet
    5. floor cam (C200?)
    6. floor cam (C200?)
    7. full shot of stage from orange cart or puppet theatre
    8. medium shot of stage
    9. small studio PGM?
    10. main table computer
    11. main table overhead 2
    12. table 2 extra table cam?
- recording
    - a8k ME1-4++ on Mac Pro with OBS
    - a4k ME1 on Studio with OBS (if we get a working capture card)
- storage
- accounts
- 

## projects
* HH
    * continuing builds (jk,cc)
    * dylan video footage (cc)
* AI
    * hh ai generation (jk)
        * continues
        * think about reporting
        * and next build steps
    * ai metaproject mapping (mk, dd, mw)
        * 
    * [ai-project-descriptions-for-tb-20240314](/-iRTemQ2QEe0BPR_4UZdbg)
    * colab-airtable for ai image generation office hours/work time 
* mdf application process (cd, mw)
* ps11 (dd+?)
* tdm119b 20240321 (mk + jk)
    * menu (mk/sc/mw)
    * 
### upcoming march workshops
* new workshop prep 
    * english189vg 20240320 (mk+ siriana)

    * EMR163 graphic narratives 20240328 (mk)
* already designed workshops
    * psy1020 20240318 (jk)
    * expos20alqera 20240319 (mk)
    * french40 20240326 (cd & sc)
    * HDS2449 20240327 (cd and elitza and tori)
    * CS290 20240329 (cd & pp)

