---
title: ll-today-20240216

---

# ll-today-20240216


## videogames prep

- colabs
    - format mechanics and load to airtable
    - pull mechanics from airtable and add to a google doc
- next
    - print mechanics
- artmaking
    - talus costume
    - tetris pieces of varying sizes
- space
    - music room
        - sound effects? voice work? narrative?
    - main studio
        - whiteboards
        - stage
        - tables
        - main camera system
        - second truss cam system
        - main screen
        - move stage? use tv on wall? cover in stone? other fabrics? tetris pieces?
        - 
    - classroom
    - small studio
        - voice work?
    - control room? 
        - realtime production? bts?
- machines
    - pull PCs, wipe and load new unity
    - unity on all colors (sign in with google)
    - enough mice and converters for each machine to have a relatively nice-looking mouse
- stations
    - intro: Unity taster and game dev overview (SL or MK)
        - maybe we don't have the machines for this to be a real hands-on Unity demo?
        - should the hands-on Unity thing be in the main room?
        - could do groups of 3 around 3 machines here?
        - or full-on mapping station (orientation) (activity could be tetradizing one of the games from the course? or unpacking any of the games using one of these maps?)
        - show manipulation of object in the viewer, the inspector, and in the script, then diff between coding and visual scripting.
    - middle: 3+ of
        - Blender (CB)
        - character design
        - level design
        - background design?
        - 
        - branching-narrative-building
        - mocap + variety of filtering tools
        - many AI things built in to the other options, but stand-alone AI option?
        - sound (in aesthetics? mechanics?)
        - textures (in aesthetics? tech?)
        - 
    - end: exports, delivery, marketing?
- or tetrad-based
    1. map
    2. aesthetics = Chris as 3D Artist station (maybe also with a sound station?)
    3. mechanics = manipulate property of mechanic in unity, live-launch sound?
    4. story = forking/branching story, dialogue?
    5. tech = Siriana on input and display devices and wrapping up?
        - mocap rethought of as reflection on the user interface system? the io system, etc?
        - on continuum...


## next

- comic books
- ai in the workplace
- ballet
- reports and dispatches
- horizons
- mk-studio-projects
    - lights
    - structures
    - screens
    - realtime
    - systematize obs use
    - lluf edit system (script-supported)
    - 
- 