---
title: ll-today-20240314

---

# ll-today-20240314

[ll-today-20240315](/rlI5Zy1XShuyqv6LQM6I7w)

## people

### jk
* hh
### cd
* college AI event
### cc
* space stuff
* new animation(s) for heidi
* images for Bailey
### sc
* HH post production ask from mk this morning
* space stuff
### mw
* space stuff
* overhead planning
* check in w/ cd+dd re: new mdf applicants
### dd/mk
* text for tb
* ps11 resource framework
* overhead planning
* writing to complit w/ mk
* hh ai w/ jk


## space

- greenscreen stage (cc + helpers)
    - try clamping greenscreen lights to combo of bookcase on right and truss/building supports on the left. Potentially fill slightly from bottom. Aim to miss the talent
    - sola on top of table 2 truss.
    - medium and full shots on orange cart (cams 6 and 7?)--may as well use converters on a dedicated strip in that zone
    - try caterpillar in a line parallel to front of stage, coming out of the center of bookcase when viewed from door
    - if curtains shift (see below) try one light on exposed 5-way truss/pole
- curtains
    - next up, drop curtains and greenscreen to beneath truss as before to get curtains to hit the floor and expose truss
    - play with diffusion and gels and other decorative elements on exposed truss, also with green wrapped around the back of truss instead of front.
        - `if (this.true)`, then also mount light from pole attached to exposed 4 way
- music room (mk + helpers)
    - simple scaffolding grid to hold instruments and spare pipe
    - line walls with sound panels, then plastic sheeting for now
    - fire-proof, tear-proof sheeting on floor under table
- screens
    - test each screen's response to 4K input
        - from studio cam out at true 24
        - from a4k or ultrastudio or hyperdeck out (confirming UHD at true 24)
    - label screens with input-compatability
    - move bravia to stand
    - move samsung to small studio confidence monitor
- cameras
    1. main table overhead, confirm 4K, attach mics, run from studio converter, center under truss
    2. table 2 overhead, confirm 4k, center under truss, attach mics
    3. window-sill cam on greenscreen side, run on ethernet
    4. window-sill cam on entrance side, run on ethernet
    5. floor cam (C200?)
    6. floor cam (C200?)
    7. full shot of stage from orange cart or puppet theatre
    8. medium shot of stage
    9. small studio PGM?
    10. main table computer
    11. main table overhead 2
    12. table 2 extra table cam?
- camera priorities
    - 1
    - 2
    - 3
    - 4
    - 7
    - 10
    - let's not worry immediately about 5, 6, 9, 12+++
- PA 
    - locations for speakers and mics
    - 

## projects
* HH
    * continuing builds (jk,cc)
    * dylan video footage (cc)
* AI
    * hh ai generation (jk)
    * ai metaproject mapping (mk, dd, mw)
    * [ai-project-descriptions-for-tb-20240314](/-iRTemQ2QEe0BPR_4UZdbg)
    * colab-airtable for ai image generation office hours/work time 
* contacting comp lit (mk, dd)
* gaica next steps (mk)
* mdf application process (cd, mw)
* ps11 (dd+?)

### upcoming march workshops
* new workshop prep 
    * english189vg 20240320 (mk+ siriana)
    * tdm119b 20240321 (mk + jk)
        * menu (mk/sc/mw)
    * EMR163 graphic narratives 20240328 (mk)
* already designed workshops
    * psy1020 20240318 (jk)
    * expos20alqera 20240319 (mk)
    * french40 20240326 (cd & sc)
    * HDS2449 20240327 (cd and elitza and tori)
    * CS290 20240329 (cd & pp)

