---
title: mk-dd-project-20240117

---

# mk-dd-project-20240117

## HILT Learning Spaces Visit

Wednesday, January 17, 9:30-11am
Location: LL
Number of participants: 18 (as of 12/21)
[Google doc for planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17dGqZOFjQ3XtpeyW-eOkT1nB8DCZXDKfDash3TLuVD0/edit)

## 20240116

- everything on sonoma
- label
- studios in control room
- ultrastudios on studios
- run obs test on each
- one runs moment bot
- one runs 101 bots in experimental
- bots at home
    - reporting-related
    - microservice versions of tools
    - 
- snakes for t1, t2 and recording


## tasks

- overhead cams on 2 main trusses with mics
- PA speakers next to stage
- greenscreen and curtains up
- studio monitors connect to TV or no? if not, PA?
- 

## 20240117 Prep

- [mk-project-101-bots](/-X4WyVNmRLKTfR1AWjxlVA)
    - reporting related bots for 20240116
    - 101-bots
    - imagine-bot
    - task-bot 
    - pokemon-bot fork?
    - moment-bot
    - atem-bot
    - 
- cables
    - snake for table 1
    - snake for table 2
    - snake for recording station
    - optional => back corner
    - optional => cabling in control room
- cameras and microphones
    - overhead for table 1
    - overhead for table 2
    - microphones for table 1
- main studio setup
    - two main tables with overheads
    - stage in the middle
    - either paper or velvet or green screen on s wall
    - decide on stage and green location
    - projector?
- computers
    - need studios and pro capturing in OBS
    - 
- activities/moves
    - 4+ presentation stations
    - present with PA and Logic
- sunday
    - build TV & Camera stand
    - 

## After That


### 101 bots next steps

- full list will go in
- first experimental spot to develop all of the below. 
- done
 
- next
    - report-bot


### studio: set up overheads and cables
- overheads over 4+ stations in the studio (can use the 3 that are already there)
- run more permanent snake of cables all the way to the north wall and then over to the server room area
- run cables in control room if there's time

### studio: set up main recording station
- frame
    - start with truss for the 20240117-20240308 zone
    - if pipes, build 20240312-20240316
- mount screens
    - minimum
        - 60" facing stage
        - 75" facing table 1
        - 42" or 50" facing table 2
    - extra
        - new OLEDs for stagle and table 2
        - additional smaller screens for camera angles
- mount cameras
    - 3 cams facing table 1
    - 1+ cam facing table 2
    - 2 cams facing stage
    - 1 cam in puppet theatre facing greenscreen

### small studio: set up

- 10' by 10' green backdrop all the way at back wall with pipes
- overhead and confidence monitors with either pipes or truss (TBD, and will depend on what we do for the recording station in the main studio)

### 2024.1 system launch

- maintenance of system is clearer to people
- itemized what help we need from people
    - all day recordings
    - printed task cards
    - photos of completed task cards
    - protocols for sharing work of fellows
    (we want to keep requiremnts simple, not adding additional work for people)
- its mostly show your work
### 2024.1 system identities

link to the [google doc for id planning here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YZEBxxOaTr0Fbj39F1xDEXjsvTSrRmVomDwINxccaRM/edit)

link to [mac colors](https://hackmd.io/E8a9-xp2SLebrCBu1UABMw?view)

We need the computers functional, so this involves determining the identity system of the new year. Goals
- admin acct for managing any resources with real data or a cost
- 


### activity design for 20240117
ways of recording on stage and green screen
activities that make use of input received and make use of GAI and bots

### Mid January Show and Tell and Updates

showing and evaluating version 1.0 of whatever things we've made over January, with the understanding it can totally be rough. we're not going to start making a radically new thing after that stage. we want to look for places of overlap, and we can figure out where people want to collaborate.

### [project reports from Airtable](/05o5s_A4SWybFRZE2Lj_2w)

we want to report on these
- ENG189vg
- slavic191
- FRSEMR36G
- CE10
- music29
- gened1145
- tdm98

dani should [write up where all the things](/05o5s_A4SWybFRZE2Lj_2w) about these are (include links) - hackMDs, gdocs, various airtables, slack channels, events, etc.


## next steps
* if we haven't heard from HILT, make sure to report well on this and then write to HILT and HGSE with next steps based on what we've done so far
* plan for 20240204
* 


