# 1.1-starting-up-your-next-app


* create a new repository in your github acct
* `cd ~/Development` or wherever you want to make it.
* `npx create-next-app web-lab` or whatever you want to call it (probably the same as your github repo's name).
    * `y` to proceed
    * `no` to typescript
        * ultimately you may want to do this, but a typescript tutorial is beyond the scope of this tutorial
    * `no` to eslint
        * you can go either way here, but we won't cover it in this tutorial
    * `yes` to src
        * this is going to allow you to have slightly fewer root-level folders
    * `no` to app directory
        * next may ultimately move entirely to this new idea, but it isn't uncontroversial so far, so let's wait and see
    * just hit enter for default import alias to confirm `@/*` if that's what you see there. Otherwise type in `@/*`. You can change this later but it could get complicated. (NOTE: we should come up with a House Style here)
* once it churns away for a minute or so you should have your basic starter template ready to go
    * `cd web-lab` (or whatever you called it)
    * `npm run dev` to start it up
    * then go to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/) and you should see your app
* you can leave it running in one Terminal window and use `commmand + T` to open a new tab in the same folder (the root of your app). In this new terminal, type `code .` to open up that folder in Visual Studio Code
* let's delete the current text of the `README.md` file so that it accurately describes the project we're about to work on.
* now let's put it on github. When you created your new Github repo you probably landed on a page that gave you a number options for setting up your repository. We're going to go with the code under "...or push an existing repository from the command line" which should look something like this
    ```
    git remote add origin https://github.com/my-github-acct/my-next-project.git
    git branch -M main
    git push -u origin main
    ```
    just go ahead and copy that into your Terminal (again in the window where you're in the root of your app) and you will have pushed your code up to github (go ahead and head over to your repo in Chrome to confirm that the changes were made).
