---
tags: today
---
# ll-today 20230504


## space
* clean (LLUF V)
* move trusses! (LLUF A+M)
* reset everything?!

## systems
- transcription tests 
    - additional speaking for essays?
    - take the transcription Casey made and add to airtable?
        - and/or Casey teaches people to do the transcript in Premiere?
    - connecting AV pipeline to airtable and text
    * to do: create segments for start and stop and copy what casey has into a text field
- connect airtable to the scripts that are generating composit infographics
### atem systems stuff
- work on ATEM XML?
- number cameras
### admin-y
- start summer-23 base and repository?
    - create a summer book and a summer repository
    - staff send their github accounts
- HackMD strategy
- summer planning

## coding
- front-end development? (next and airtable)

## lluf stuff
- take stock of where LLUFs are with the AI experiments and determine doable deliverables for next Wednesday
- for showcase
    - EOY interviews edits to have for showcase
    - senior lluf montages
        - emmy
        - andrew
        - matthew ? YES if he's here for sure!
        - christian? if he's here, but do we have enough material? soul sessions...the emr class he was in maybe??
- AI tool cards-base (check-in with Madeleine and determine template for LLUFs?)
- rhi and tia - midjourney
    - tia - age 
    - rhi - gender
    - a close reading of the ai, a prompt and prototype of WGS course assignment

## mk
- design modal interface for logger instead of the current button-based one