---
tags: project review
---
# projects to review
* MCB291 - February 1
    * christine and Emily R.
    * llufs helped with illustrator assets
    * Victoria helping with documentation
    * ~~LLUFs making buttons this week (20230131-krissy grabbing images)~~
* FRSEMR72Y (Nicole Simon)
    * [materials shared with Adam](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Xs-FClVhyCBdhIzEKvGUPLOATv-k2F2G) 
    * ~~Feb 1 visit is a tour of things (JK)~~
    * 1-1 consultations with JK and LLUFs to be schedule
    * April 5 workshop in the LL
    * background:
        * students will be doing a final project that involves creating educational materials for K-12 students
* EDUS307 - February 9 shooting tips
    * [consultation notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YJW2-FyomVrMIYe-KkDqGSMNOskVSQs_Cuzu4UxuUjg/edit#)
    * could be good to MPA help + Casey
    * next workshop: March 2
* GENED1049 East Asian Cinema [workshops](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dE38JXvds-FCDQOYB6QqfmFG4cdetIZHmf1LpY17_I4/edit#gid=0)
    * could do a test run/toolTime on this
    * shot recreation has worked well
    * [syllabus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PH1ov2qIaqk4Rz3KZ_w8fCsdZbnnKae4/edit?rtpof=true)
* CLASSIC360 - February 10 pedagogy course visit
    * to do: CD ask jorge if its ok to loop sarah eisen
    * workshop is a tour of assignment types. we spoke about going around as one group to different stations (maybe)
    * [consultation notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zYvCP0LsAfqBjXl3XQU5l5iK6pswJg_SRurSuNoPfC4/edit#)
* PSY980T Infographics/Graphic Design Workshop - Feb 13
* TDM172B (Performing Outside the Theater) - February 14
    * jessi will help develop this workshop
    * jessi to write back and clarify what the workshop is about
    * jessi would like a designLab to get ready for this
    * [consultation notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-i79xe_XyVxyo439B5pOsGvMF4H2rifO4k6kfJYN1aU/edit#heading=h.y3a635ldg5ml)
* WOMGEN1274 - February 14 Podcasting and Zine Workshop
    * DD to follow up about syllabus. 
    * JK will lead, schedule a check in with her
    * [consultation notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16rV3tGUL-QlnM73DJAyfRM7X77Mw1AtsaeG3gA2Bth0/edit#)
* FRENCH30 - Feb 16 podcasting workshop
    * no additional check in needed
    * could loop in MDFs to help and LLUFs - Jessi, Therese, Anna, Ria, Elitza, Chris?
* EDUS307 - Feb 17 workshop with [Tina](https://www.gse.harvard.edu/faculty/tina-blythe) on questions and interviewing
    * MK doing this, JK TBD helping out
    * may or may not be in the studio
    * if its not in the studio, need mpa/lluf assistance bringing equipment over
* TDM Projection workshop - February 21
    * [sign ups](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RY-J7taZwO2tmFRctjj2oBg06ZfPmZE702Jojkw5IdI/edit?usp=sharing)
    * figure out what things we want to order
    * MK and Jessi to check in
    * figure out who from the Casey/MPA zone can help
    * ~~JK will check in with Caleb, Clarissa, and Matthew about helping out. ~~
    * a lot of set up will be needed
* AFVS Workshops - Week of Feb 21
    * DD to send template
* ENG189vg - Feb 22 and March 22
    * need to check in with Carly (CD to ask)
    * devise a high quality thing to do related to Unity and get a pool of people capable of helping Carly out (3d lab, Casey, Jacob?)
        * JK to see if any LLUFs want to learn unity
    * and figure out what to do with the amount of people
    * wanted to create some sample projects from students
    * will need a lot of set up help
* Classics Communicating your research - Feb 28
    * we'll set up a meeting with Sarah E. to discuss
* SOCIOL98SF Workshop - March 1 
    * wants to do a designLab and teach other MDFs how to lead it
* FRENCH40 - March 30 filmmaking workshop
    * same as last year
* EXPOS20Rosefield - April 12 and April 17 (podcasting and public speaking)


To be scheduled:
* TDM168B (Podcast: Uploading the Present)


Met / no workshops scheduled
* Mindich
