---
tags: weekly
---

# week of 20230501

all the things for this week.

## things
### major collaborative things
- May as soft-launch of summer
    - learning?
        - [command line tools](https://hackmd.io/zoV0x7shSUCauJm3E6wihQ) work session
    - prototyping?
    - planning?
    - storytelling/content-dev?
    - space
- planning for upcoming events 
    - [showcase plan](/4aaygw9HR2OxXqV-dd8_PQ)
    - also plan for development meeting
    - also realtime production capacity development
- end of term 23-24 prototyping
    - end-of-year interviews with all Fellows
        - studio skill dev
        - airtable-slack-mediaSystem integration
        - stills of everyone while we're doing it
    - test of a lluf-week
        - continue to develop template for skill-building
        - prototype and test lluf-show-your-work mechanics
    - gallery of 22-23 work
        - prep for MDF report, show-your-work development, printing capacity development and testing
        - ll project printing too
        - black and white hero shots in the shoots base
- AI assets, resources and events for faculty and grads
- [ll-summer-planning-23](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tToeUSSUGY0p_aoAQp5vOEUXNE_AYj_ilnfbKh4amu0/edit#heading=h.u7r0t82nmnz1) - please add to this doc!
### Internal projects
* 23-24 planning
    * [23-24 Fellows Admin planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t6ZuaQg7uHowjj2j4sdLUgxzz8xoX_gRTlB4aiYK_9I/edit#heading=h.x1xyzgtl6yct)
    * [23-24 lab planning](/Yp1VXtzBQMyJ0oMAs-0WXg
    * survey - to send this week
* [LLUF single-serving learning](https://hackmd.io/@ll-22-23/HkIzC1qW3/%2F-r1yH8IBTqGoh-ifmAQ91w) (and trajectories/constellations)
* systems stuff
    * work base work
    * events base work
    * ultimatte tests
    * startup script improvements
    * sunsetting HackMDs plan
### workshops/events
NONE THIS WEEK!

### other things
* [Recently Created Tasks! (Work Base)](https://airtable.com/appOZgrtA6p39x0mD/tblw2qHSWFA5VavYW/viwR7ZpD5MhtoznSO?blocks=hide)
    * MW printing now
* Horizons news story/interview
    * centered around 2 interesting things, one for JK & one for CC. 
    * maybe: shooting in lab, and the animation zone
* recordings and office hours still happening

### staff particularities
* CC out Thursday afternoon

## the week ahead
* Tuesday and Wednesday - EXPOS20 Capstone events for Sheza and AJ
* Wednesday - Important Meetings
* Thursday - End of Year Event
* Friday - meeting with Sabrina