---
tags: weekly
---
# week of 20221128

all the things for this week.

## big things!
* lots of recordings
    * Eugene Wang's class - Wednesday and Friday - main studio
        * grabbing additional footage
    * FRENCH11 - Wednesday - glass studio
    * MODGRKAA - Thursday - main studio and small studio
        * some BTS shots and mostly shooting in the small studio
    * FRENCH10 - thursday, friday, monday - glass studio
    * many additional student recordings
* workshops
    * MUSIC97F - wednesday (Siriana + CD)
    * HMS MMH pitch session - friday (JK)
* last MDF meeting of the semester
* last official designLab of the semester
* LL doing STEM interviews for P&P

## Actions

### InProgress
- keeping all of our notes up to date! (**Abigail Cannon**)
- annual report (**DD**)
- pop-up coding thing for MDFs (**CD**)
- shanni and ria office hours (**CD**)
- media base (**DD**)
- monitor and update (**Abigail Cannon**)
- Make a guide for replacement  (**Abigail Cannon**)
- keep track of attendance at office hours (**DD, Abigail Cannon**)
- check in mdfs about projects (**CD**)

### Now
- undefined (**JK**)
- keep adding LL supported courses in bok courses base (**Abigail Cannon**)
- thank yous (**DD**)
- add sheza notes to client log and hackmd (**DD**)

### Today
- create a css file for markdown to pdf styling (**JK**)
- plan for the projection screen? (**CC**)
- figure out workflow for checklists (**JK, CC**)
- store Vizio and other remotes in easy-to-reach places (**CC**)
- add priority to actions, micros, and projects (**DD**)
- testing (**LLStudio StudioDev**)
- assign all hypers fixed IPs (**CC**)
- any llufs interested in ar zone--effect house (tiktok (**JK**)
- ask mk about hosting a bok undergrad mixer where we t (**JK**)
- get MPA to tighten any cam plates that have loosened (**CC**)
- check in with caroline and JK about canva (**DD**)
- launch ll-clock project (**MK**)
- clean main studio (**Any LLUF**)
- clean paper counter (**Any LLUF**)
- clean open space tables (**Any LLUF**)
- get mk to show you jar of old cables for weaving proj (**JK**)
- print microprojects and projects (**MK**)
- shoot report added (**MK**)
- managed switch/router for testing (**MK**)
- microproject launch (**MK**)
- hackmd create (**MK**)
- launch prototype 4-song-vote (**MK**)
- consolidate all tools code in lls (**MK**)
- test localhost from other machines on network for rea (**MK**)
- Ps shava in staff photo (**JK**)
- find media options with llufs (**JK**)

### Tomorrow
- add descriptions to microprojects (**Abigail Cannon**)
- add descriptions to projects (**Abigail Cannon**)
- creating thank you package microproject records (**Abigail Cannon**)
- update EXPOS20 titles in bok courses base (**Abigail Cannon**)
- work on bok photos and tags (**DD**)
- remind MK to buy button supplies (**DD**)
- tools for blue box (**MK**)
- notebook situation (**MK**)
- basic blender script template added to pumpkin project (**MK**)
- add menu.learninglab.xyz to menu (**MK**)
- adobe licenses and aws in 1p (**MK**)
- launch ll-timer project (**MK**)
- soft extra fine nib handy for notes (**MK**)
- launch project 101 activities (**MK**)
- studio checklists and tasks (**MK**)
- number all cams and add numbers to physical cam (**MK**)
- savehackmd slash (**MK**)

### ThisWeek
- figure out how to get people to tag tasks with projec (**JK, DD**)
- do we need more long two-prong power of each type to  (**CC**)
- options for raising main conf monitors 8 inches (**CC**)
- launch all of these as projects and microprojects (**MK**)
- microproject or doc slash (**MK**)
- Named and numbered macros for each camera (**CC**)
- react scrollama (**Learning Studio**)
- check with mk about onboarding headshots (**DD**)
- NEW INGEST BASE (**MK**)
- new microproject = clock desgin (**MK**)
- check in with casey and dézhawn about logic tooltime (**DD**)
- order more sdx's for editing proxy (**MK**)
- get that vs code react plugin that firebase io was ta (**MK**)
- launch prototype of hh scroll (**MK**)
- test accessing react app from LAN (**MK**)
- launch captioning script once studio is set up (**MK**)
- share vids with mdfs who did them? (**CD**)
- help JK and LLUFs set up Synology 2 with link aggrega (**MK**)
- 2+ pcs in operation (control room and main studio) (**MK**)
- follow up with folks from disability celebration (**CD**)
- web presence for ACI (**CD**)
- add slash for lens studio machine (**MK**)
- microproject launch (**MK**)
- app homes for slack bots (**MK**)
- more DSK use (**MK**)
- react slide deck options for workshops and ll story (**MK**)
- aws and xyz (**MK**)
- determine emails and slack ids for studio, mpas, lluf (**MK**)
- launch mission: c4d-2-blender (**JK**)
- proxy folder-of-shoots (**MK**)
- random stills (**MK**)
- peakgif (**MK**)
- basic alexa (**MK**)
- basic next 13 (**MK**)
- test to see what happens if the atem 8k is synched ha (**MK**)
- cd/dd work on midyear mdf airtable survey (**CD, DD**)
undefined

## Events

### Monday • 20221121

- **8:30 •** Monday Studio Launch . #lluf (_mwknoke, pacousins, mmarcus_)
- **9:00 •** LL Team Meeting.  (_casey_cann, cdauria, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, abigail_cannon_)
- **9:30 •** Julia Grullon (PSY1018 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Julia Grullon (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, jgrullon_)
- **10:00 •** Chinaza Agbim (Material Prep for PSY1018 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage: Chinaza Agbim (_chinazaagbim, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **10:30 •** Chinaza Agbim (PSY1018 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Chinaza Agbim (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, chinazaagbim_)
- **10:30 •** Steve Walker (ANE197 Podcast Recording) .  (_stevewalker, gstacy, jkurtz, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **11:00 •** Jeanne Lauer (PSY1018 Student Recording) . Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Jeanne Lauer (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, jeannelauer_)
- **11:00 •** Studio Assistance & Documentation.  (_halleakaeze, mariacuervo_)
- **12:00 •** Rocío Eiriz (PSY1018 Student Recording) . Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Rocío Eiriz (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, reiriz_)
- **13:00 •** GENED1080 Fest + LL Planning. Jordan Koffman is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/95509399648?pwd=U0dybGhuNC9IRzZlV2F3cEFZMm5EZz09Password: 150843Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 312 626 6799&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 646 931 3860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_jkoffman, danielle_duke, casey_cann, rjwood, myuen_)
- **13:30 •** SCRB111 Student Video Filming. Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Sophie, Maggie, Amna, Stef (_aali, skatz, strepekli, mmorse, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **13:30 •** Studio Assistance & Documentation.  (_halleakaeze, mariacuervo, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **14:00 •** Lauren Xu (PSY1018 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Lauren Xu (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, laurenxu_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, caleb_lee, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **15:00 •** Jennifer Chu (PSY1018 Student Recording) . Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Jennifer Chu (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, jenniferchu_)
### Tuesday • 20221122

- **10:15 •** Live Event Support: EXPOS20Gold. #lluf (_mariacuervo_)
- **10:30 •** Expos20Gold: Capstone options workshop.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, alexandra_gold, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, agold258, mkuzmick_)
- **11:45 •** Live Event Support: EXPOS20Gold. #lluf (_mariacuervo_)
- **12:00 •** Expos20Gold: Capstone options workshop.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, alexandra_gold, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, agold258, mkuzmick_)
- **13:00 •** Studio Assistance & Documentation.  (_vwijerathnayapa_)
- **14:00 •** Cordelia Yu (PSY1018 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Cordelia Yu (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, cordeliayu_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **15:00 •** Hold - Ella (PSY1018 Student recording) .  (_abigail_cannon, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
### Wednesday • 20221123

- **9:00 •** MUSIC250HFA Workshop Check in. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/92961604340?pwd=YlErbzZHUkxsREY2d3BuMU9WU2xpQT09Password: 991735Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 646 931 3860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 301 715 8592&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 305 224 1968&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke, slundgren, cannonbrown, acshreff_)
- **10:00 •** 3dLab.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, mkuzmick, cdauria, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, low, cbenham, ceyingst, slundgren, kbholden, danielle_duke, carolinegage, mmarcus_)
### Monday • 20221128

- **8:30 •** Monday Studio Launch . #lluf (_mwknoke, pacousins, mmarcus_)
- **9:00 •** LL Team Meeting.  (_casey_cann, cdauria, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, abigail_cannon_)
- **9:30 •** Live Event Support: MUSIC250HFA. #lluf (__)
- **9:45 •**  MUSIC250HFA Digital Tools Workshop. Marlon will lead. Any other LL staff who want to help out is amazing.
+ Siriana is teaching until 10am so can be here ~10:15ish. (_cdauria, jkoffman, mkuzmick, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, slundgren, casey_cann, lukepollack_)
- **13:30 •** Caroline Gage + group (Social Studies 10a Tutorial Video Recording).  (_carolinegage, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
### Tuesday • 20221129

- **10:15 •** Anza Mitchell - ADSP Interview with Learning Lab.  (_cdauria, jkoffman, casey_cann, mkuzmick, danielle_duke, lukepollack, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **11:30 •** Joanna Bai (GENED1140 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Joanna Bai (_joanna.bai, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:00 •** EMR152 Class Meeting. set up classroom in the U shape like photo attached! (_eleanor_craig, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **13:30 •** EMR152 in the studio, preparing for capstone the next week.  (_casey_cann, mkuzmick, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
### Wednesday • 20221130

- **9:00 •** FRENCH11 Final Oral Exams. From Nicole Mills -I would love to do similar recordings for the French 11 (Beginning French II) students (if possible!) For their final oral exam, they have to meet in partners for a 20 minute "informed discussion" in French on Wednesday, Nov. 30th. This is last year's topic. We will have 1 to 2 sections so I imagine that we would need about ten 20-25 minute time slots on that date.It will be two students on camera talking to each other. They are asked to discuss a visual aid, but if it becomes (_harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **9:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Rosie Collier. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_rosecollier, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, skissinger_)
- **10:00 •** 3dLab.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, mkuzmick, cdauria, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, low, cbenham, ceyingst, slundgren, kbholden, danielle_duke, carolinegage, mmarcus_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ngozi Udeh. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ngoziudeh, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **10:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Yufan Chen. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_yufan_chen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dylanphan_)
- **11:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Jama Willis. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jamawillis, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, apokuaa_)
- **11:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Justin. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_jclevy, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, cagines_)
- **12:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Arnav Bansal. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_arnavbansal, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, arnavbansal1, lilyodonoghuemcdonald, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **12:00 •** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. Eugene Wang&#39;s class


&quot;What we essentially want to do is to videotape students&#39; final presentations. Once we have those recordings, we can go from there and edit videos to be put on course websites for future students interested taking this course. They can also be integrated into future teaching, such as assigned viewing in introducing future students to certain special subject areas covered by these presentations in recordings.&quot; (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, yux185, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Victoria O'Hare. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_victoriaohare, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, zhuoyulin_)
- **14:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ian Thompson. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_ianthompson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dlaughary_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **15:30 •** Andrew Bair Consultation. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/95588380294?pwd=L3J2WmpFT2NLaFpCRzZvU0dveUtXdz09Password: 695649Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 312 626 6799&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 646 931 3860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, andrewbair, danielle_duke_)
- **16:30 •** Outspoken Narrative (Climate Documentary Studio) Consultation. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/99306669432?pwd=TE4rQ3ZPYnYvSDA0REltUksxR2lvQT09Password: 634214Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 646 931 3860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 301 715 8592&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke, evishwakarma_)
- **19:00 •** TDM90AR Puppet Theatre Dress Rehearsal Recording.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall_)
### Thursday • 20221201

- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Jasmine Huang). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jasminehuang, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:15 •** Blake Whitt - ADSP Interview with Learning Lab.  (_cdauria, jkoffman, casey_cann, mkuzmick, danielle_duke, lukepollack, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **11:00 •** Canceled: FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Diana Khimey. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, dkhimey_)
- **11:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Isabella Rhyu. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, rhyu, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Quinn Brussel. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_quinnbrussel, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Diana Khimey. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, dkhimey, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **15:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Zoe Chen. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_ziyaochen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **18:00 •** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
### Friday • 20221202

- **9:00 •** Project Review Meeting. Goals (in progress):- review any possible prototypes/actions that could come from consultations- review projects we haven't seen in a while- potentially use this meeting to add things to ll-report-this? (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke_)
- **9:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **9:45 •** Live Event Support: HMS MMH. #lluf (__)
- **10:00 •** HMS MMH Pitch Session. Harvard Medical School Media, Medicine, Health programA Hackathon to support students in creating their final media project. (_casey_cann, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, cdauria, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jason_silverstein, carol_benoit, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:30 •** MDF Meeting.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, asiliunas, annaivanov, ceyingst, celiaeckert, cbenham, erivard, mmorano, mchoi, zavrl, queenieluo, riagyawali, low, saeisen, shannizhao, slundgren, tbanks, yux185, kbholden, mkuzmick, casey_cann, cdauria, jkoffman, danielle_duke, lukepollack, sarah.hazelwood, koeva.elitza, xiaomenghan, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **10:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hannah Boen). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_hboen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Joel Crawford). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, joelcrawford, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:00 •** HMS MMH Camera experimentation.  (_casey_cann, leahjackson, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:00 •** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. Eugene Wang's class


"What we essentially want to do is to videotape students' final presentations. Once we have those recordings, we can go from there and edit videos to be put on course websites for future students interested taking this course. They can also be integrated into future teaching, such as assigned viewing in introducing future students to certain special subject areas covered by these presentations in recordings." (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **12:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Michelle Boisvert. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_mboisvert, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:00 •** Media Office Hours. #lluf (_ameliejulicher, emmysemprun_)
- **13:15 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (James GaNun). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jpganun, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:30 •** designLab. #lluf (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Sun Kim. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_sunkim1, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Jack Flynn. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_jflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ottou Fouda. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ottoufouda, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Silvana Yarrington). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, silvanayarrington, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:00 •** scrollLab.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, ceyingst, celiaeckert, annaivanov, yux185, queenieluo, koeva.elitza, asiliunas, shannizhao, mchoi, cdauria, mkuzmick, kbholden, jstegall, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **15:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Francisca Lamini. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_franciscalamini, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **15:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hanna Johnson). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_hannajohnson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:45 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Emmett de Kanter). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_edekanter, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
### Monday • 20221205

- **8:30 •** Monday Studio Launch . #lluf (_mwknoke, pacousins, mmarcus_)
- **9:00 •** LL Team Meeting.  (_casey_cann, cdauria, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, abigail_cannon_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Sophia Fend). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student FilmingsThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd (_sfend, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Anita Dugbartey. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_anitadugbartey, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **12:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Riley Flynn. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_rflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ryan Novoa. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_ryannovoa, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Miguel Fernandez). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, miguelfernandez, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Amina Salahou. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, aminasalahou, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:00 •** TDM90AR Interviews.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jstegall, rachelsharesapolsky, kbrehm_)
- **13:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lucy Vuong. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_lucyvuong, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Victor Zeidenfeld). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, vzeidenfeld, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:00 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Alyssa Ross). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_amross, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Imamberdieva. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_nimamberdieva, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Charlotte Gilmour. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_charlottegilmour, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **15:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lydia Fraser. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_lydiafraser, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)

## Microprojects

- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.

## Projects

- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.

## Shoots

- **2022-11-21T14:30:00.000Z:** Julia Grullon (PSY1018 Student Recording). (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, jgrullon_)
- **2022-11-21T15:00:00.000Z:** Chinaza Agbim (Material Prep for PSY1018 Student Recording). (_chinazaagbim, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-11-21T15:30:00.000Z:** Chinaza Agbim (PSY1018 Student Recording). (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, chinazaagbim_)
- **2022-11-21T15:30:00.000Z:** Steve Walker (ANE197 Podcast Recording) . (_stevewalker, jkurtz, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, gstacy_)
- **2022-11-21T16:00:00.000Z:** Jeanne Lauer (PSY1018 Student Recording) . (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, jeannelauer_)
- **2022-11-21T17:00:00.000Z:** Rocío Eiriz (PSY1018 Student Recording) . (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, reiriz_)
- **2022-11-21T18:30:00.000Z:** SCRB111 Student Video Filming. (_skatz, mmorse, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, aali, strepekli_)
- **2022-11-21T19:00:00.000Z:** Lauren Xu (PSY1018 Student Recording). (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, laurenxu_)
- **2022-11-21T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, caleb_lee, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **2022-11-21T20:00:00.000Z:** Jennifer Chu (PSY1018 Student Recording) . (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, jenniferchu_)
- **2022-11-22T15:30:00.000Z:** Expos20Gold: Capstone options workshop. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, alexandra_gold, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, agold258, mkuzmick_)
- **2022-11-22T17:00:00.000Z:** Expos20Gold: Capstone options workshop. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, alexandra_gold, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, agold258, mkuzmick_)
- **2022-11-22T19:00:00.000Z:** Cordelia Yu (PSY1018 Student Recording). (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, cordeliayu_)
- **2022-11-22T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **2022-11-22T20:00:00.000Z:** Hold - Ella (PSY1018 Student recording) . (_abigail_cannon, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-11-28T14:45:00.000Z:**  MUSIC250HFA Digital Tools Workshop. (_cdauria, jkoffman, mkuzmick, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, slundgren, casey_cann, lukepollack_)
- **2022-11-28T18:30:00.000Z:** Caroline Gage + group (Social Studies 10a Tutorial Video Recording). (_carolinegage, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-11-28T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-11-29T16:30:00.000Z:** Joanna Bai (GENED1140 Student Recording). (_joanna.bai, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-11-29T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-11-30T14:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Rosie Collier. (_rosecollier, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, skissinger_)
- **2022-11-30T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ngozi Udeh. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ngoziudeh, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-11-30T15:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Yufan Chen. (_yufan_chen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dylanphan_)
- **2022-11-30T16:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Jama Willis. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jamawillis, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, apokuaa_)
- **2022-11-30T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Justin. (_jclevy, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, cagines_)
- **2022-11-30T17:00:00.000Z:** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, yux185, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-11-30T17:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Arnav Bansal. (_arnavbansal, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, arnavbansal1, lilyodonoghuemcdonald, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-11-30T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ian Thompson. (_ianthompson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dlaughary_)
- **2022-11-30T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-01T00:00:00.000Z:** TDM90AR Puppet Theatre Dress Rehearsal Recording. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall_)
- **2022-12-01T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Jasmine Huang). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jasminehuang, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-01T16:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Isabella Rhyu. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, rhyu, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Quinn Brussel. (_quinnbrussel, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Diana Khimey. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, dkhimey, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-01T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Zoe Chen. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, ziyaochen_)
- **2022-12-01T23:00:00.000Z:** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-02T14:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-02T15:00:00.000Z:** HMS MMH Pitch Session. (_casey_cann, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, cdauria, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jason_silverstein, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, carol_benoit_)
- **2022-12-02T15:30:00.000Z:** MDF Meeting. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, asiliunas, annaivanov, ceyingst, celiaeckert, cbenham, erivard, mmorano, mchoi, zavrl, queenieluo, riagyawali, low, saeisen, shannizhao, slundgren, tbanks, yux185, kbholden, mkuzmick, casey_cann, cdauria, jkoffman, danielle_duke, lukepollack, sarah.hazelwood, koeva.elitza, xiaomenghan, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **2022-12-02T15:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hannah Boen). (_hboen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Joel Crawford). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, joelcrawford, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T17:00:00.000Z:** HMS MMH Camera experimentation. (_casey_cann, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, leahjackson_)
- **2022-12-02T17:00:00.000Z:** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-12-02T17:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Michelle Boisvert. (_mboisvert, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T18:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (James GaNun). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jpganun, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T18:30:00.000Z:** designLab. (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885_)
- **2022-12-02T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Sun Kim. (_sunkim1, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T18:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Jack Flynn. (_jflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ottou Fouda. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ottoufouda, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T19:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Silvana Yarrington). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, silvanayarrington, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T20:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Francisca Lamini. (_franciscalamini, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T20:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hanna Johnson). (_hannajohnson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Emmett de Kanter). (_edekanter, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Sophia Fend). (_sfend, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Anita Dugbartey. (_anitadugbartey, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T17:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Riley Flynn. (_rflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ryan Novoa. (_ryannovoa, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Miguel Fernandez). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, miguelfernandez, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Amina Salahou. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, aminasalahou, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:00:00.000Z:** TDM90AR Interviews. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jstegall, rachelsharesapolsky, kbrehm_)
- **2022-12-05T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lucy Vuong. (_lucyvuong, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Victor Zeidenfeld). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, vzeidenfeld, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Alyssa Ross). (_amross, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Imamberdieva. (_nimamberdieva, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Charlotte Gilmour. (_charlottegilmour, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lydia Fraser. (_lydiafraser, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Eric Vasquez. (_evasquezreyes, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Aaliyah Decker. (_adecker, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Norah Ostin. (_nostin, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T22:00:00.000Z:** hold for studio prep for EMR152. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)