---
tags: weekly
---

# week of 20221212

all the things for this week.

## big things after monday
#### final few in-person things
* office hours
    * there is an MPA on for office hours every day except Tuesday
* scrb111 final viewing party
* parker quartet
* development office
#### things to figure out
* designLab - keep on calendar! we'll figure out something to do with any LLUFs if they show up
#### media needs:
* HH portraits
* some stills we can send to faculty we are wrapping up with, including but not limited to:
    * EMR152
    * EXPOS20GOLD
    * EXPOS20Alqera


#### [late december/january planning](https://hackmd.io/TlP96rM_Q0e-IOFzKjUBBA?view)

## Actions

### InProgress
- annual report (**DD**)
- pop-up coding thing for MDFs (**CD**)
- shanni and ria office hours (**CD**)
- media base (**DD**)

### Now
- undefined (**JK**)
- creating thank you package microproject records (**Abigail Cannon**)
- keep adding LL supported courses in bok courses base (**Abigail Cannon**)
- update EXPOS20 titles in bok courses base (**Abigail Cannon**)
- thank yous (**DD**)
- add sheza notes to client log and hackmd (**DD**)

### Today
- create a css file for markdown to pdf styling (**JK**)
- plan for the projection screen? (**CC**)
- figure out workflow for checklists (**JK, CC**)
- store Vizio and other remotes in easy-to-reach places (**CC**)
- add priority to actions, micros, and projects (**DD**)
- testing (**LLStudio StudioDev**)
- assign all hypers fixed IPs (**CC**)
- any llufs interested in ar zone--effect house (tiktok (**JK**)
- ask mk about hosting a bok undergrad mixer where we t (**JK**)
- get MPA to tighten any cam plates that have loosened (**CC**)
- check in with caroline and JK about canva (**DD**)
- launch ll-clock project (**MK**)
- clean main studio (**Any LLUF**)
- clean paper counter (**Any LLUF**)
- clean open space tables (**Any LLUF**)
- get mk to show you jar of old cables for weaving proj (**JK**)
- print microprojects and projects (**MK**)
- shoot report added (**MK**)
- managed switch/router for testing (**MK**)
- microproject launch (**MK**)
- hackmd create (**MK**)
- launch prototype 4-song-vote (**MK**)
- consolidate all tools code in lls (**MK**)
- test localhost from other machines on network for rea (**MK**)

### Tomorrow
- work on bok photos and tags (**DD**)
- remind MK to buy button supplies (**DD**)
- tools for blue box (**MK**)
- notebook situation (**MK**)
- basic blender script template added to pumpkin project (**MK**)
- add menu.learninglab.xyz to menu (**MK**)
- adobe licenses and aws in 1p (**MK**)
- launch ll-timer project (**MK**)
- soft extra fine nib handy for notes (**MK**)
- launch project 101 activities (**MK**)
- studio checklists and tasks (**MK**)
- number all cams and add numbers to physical cam (**MK**)
- savehackmd slash (**MK**)

### ThisWeek
- figure out how to get people to tag tasks with projec (**JK, DD**)
- do we need more long two-prong power of each type to  (**CC**)
- options for raising main conf monitors 8 inches (**CC**)
- launch all of these as projects and microprojects (**MK**)
- microproject or doc slash (**MK**)
- Named and numbered macros for each camera (**CC**)
- react scrollama (**Learning Studio**)
- check with mk about onboarding headshots (**DD**)
- get together j-term project around videos with adam w (**CD**)
- NEW INGEST BASE (**MK**)
- new microproject = clock desgin (**MK**)
- check in with casey and dézhawn about logic tooltime (**DD**)
- order more sdx's for editing proxy (**MK**)
- get that vs code react plugin that firebase io was ta (**MK**)
- launch prototype of hh scroll (**MK**)
- test accessing react app from LAN (**MK**)
- launch captioning script once studio is set up (**MK**)
- help JK and LLUFs set up Synology 2 with link aggrega (**MK**)
- 2+ pcs in operation (control room and main studio) (**MK**)
- follow up with folks from disability celebration (**CD**)
- web presence for ACI (**CD**)
- add slash for lens studio machine (**MK**)
- microproject launch (**MK**)
- app homes for slack bots (**MK**)
- more DSK use (**MK**)
- react slide deck options for workshops and ll story (**MK**)
- aws and xyz (**MK**)
- determine emails and slack ids for studio, mpas, lluf (**MK**)
- launch mission: c4d-2-blender (**JK**)
- proxy folder-of-shoots (**MK**)
- random stills (**MK**)
- peakgif (**MK**)
- basic alexa (**MK**)
- basic next 13 (**MK**)
- test to see what happens if the atem 8k is synched ha (**MK**)
undefined

## Events

### Monday • 20221205

- **8:30 •** Monday Studio Launch . #lluf (_mwknoke, pacousins, mmarcus, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **9:00 •** LL Team Meeting.  (_casey_cann, cdauria, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, abigail_cannon_)
- **9:15 •** Christian Porter (EMR152 Student Recording). needs the footage by Monday!Gdrive for footage: Christian Porter (_cporter, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **9:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (__)
- **9:45 •** Alex Luchtenberg (SLAVIC193 Student Recording).  (_harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, aluchtenberg_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ella Bradford. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, embradford, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** HIST15M Student Consultation (Podcasting). Hereare&nbsp;directions to the Learning Lab&nbsp;(which islocated inside the Bok Center’s&nbsp;50 Church Street location). (_jok5721, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, charliemcnamara, evrabel_)
- **10:00 •** PHIL139 Student Project Consultation. Here are&nbsp;directionsto the Learning Lab&nbsp;(which is located inside the Bok Center’s&nbsp;50Church Street location). (_mkuzmick, ljia, danielle_duke, mellertson_)
- **10:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Andy Zeng. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, azeng, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Alex James. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, alex.j1720, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:30 •** Extra time for Charlie (HIST15M Consultation).  (_charliemcnamara_)
- **10:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Joel Runevic. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_joelrunevic, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ruijia Liu. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_ruijialiu, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:00 •** WelcomeLab.  (_lilyroberts_)
- **11:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Diana Khimey. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, dkhimey, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **11:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Sophia Fend). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student FilmingsThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd (_sfend, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:30 •** Maddy Kidd + 2 (SCRB111 Student Group Recording).  (_harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, mkidd_)
- **11:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Anita Dugbartey. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_anitadugbartey, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **12:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Riley Flynn. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_rflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ryan Novoa. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_ryannovoa, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:30 •** Canceled: FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Miguel Fernandez. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, miguelfernandez_)
- **12:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Amina Salahou. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, aminasalahou, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:00 •** TDM90AR Interviews.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jstegall, rachelsharesapolsky, kbrehm, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **13:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lucy Vuong. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_lucyvuong, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Liza de Figueiredo . Event Name: FRENCH10 Student FilmingsThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd (_edefigueiredo, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Victor Zeidenfeld). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, vzeidenfeld, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)
- **13:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ailyn Alissandra Alvarez Perez. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student FilmingsThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd (_ailyn_alvarezperez, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:00 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Alyssa Ross). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_amross, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Hillary Jean-Gilles. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student FilmingsThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd (_hjeangilles, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Imamberdieva. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_nimamberdieva, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Charlotte Gilmour. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_charlottegilmour, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #llufAlex from GENED1140 Borders coming for podcast editing help (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, ahenry, halleakaeze_)
- **15:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lydia Fraser. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_lydiafraser, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:00 •** EXPOS20Brown Podcasting Hackathon.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, willabrown, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **15:00 •** Megan Huo and Giovanni D'Antonio (EXPOS20Alqera Student Recording).  (_meganhuo, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, giovannidantonio_)
- **15:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Eric Vasquez. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_evasquezreyes, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Aaliyah Decker. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_adecker, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)
- **15:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Norah Ostin. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_nostin, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **17:00 •** Studio prep for EMR152. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jok5721, casey_cann, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, dbermudes, caleb_lee, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **17:00 •** GENED1144 Office Hours.  (_mchoi, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
### Tuesday • 20221206

- **9:00 •** Studio prep for EMR152.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, caleb_lee, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, casey_cann, jok5721, carolinegage, mariacuervo_)
- **9:00 •** WelcomeLab.  (_ahenry_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills - 5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background? A from NM: Yes, it will be the same situation (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Miguel Fernandez. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, miguelfernandez_)
- **10:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Marcus Alexander. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_marcusalex2021, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **10:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - James GaNun. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jpganun_)
- **10:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Michelle. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_mboisvert, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **11:00 •** WelcomeLab.  (_lilyroberts_)
- **11:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Louis Mukama. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_lpmukama, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **11:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Norah Ostin. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_nostin, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **11:30 •** Philosophy Senior Thesis Video Interviews (MDF Malcolm).  (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, mmorano, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **11:45 •** Live Event Support: EMR152. #lluf (_caleb_lee, charliemcnamara_)
- **12:00 •** EMR152 Final Project Showcase Event.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, eleanor_craig, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **13:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, ahenry, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **15:00 •** Button Work for Alqera.  (_mmarcus_)
- **15:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)
- **17:00 •** GENED1044 Hackathon.  (_carolinegage, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, low, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **17:00 •** Lily small studio recording. MIT 21M.690 Sport as PerformanceGdrive for footage:&nbsp;Lily Roberts (_lilyroberts, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
### Wednesday • 20221207

- **8:30 •** Hold for studio prep for Scott Jordan Visit. From Tamara: I invited Scott Jordan (dean of administration and finance) to visit the Bok Center because I want him to appreciate what we do with our space in order to envision a future home for us on campus.  His assistant suggested Wednesday, December 7, between 10:15-11:00. 

** goal: nothing looks random and every space has a purpose** (_mkuzmick, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **9:00 •** hold for Matthew + 3 (SCRB111 Student Group Recording).  (_matthewgarcia, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, katecazares, vap208, mabuelem_)
- **9:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)
- **10:15 •** Scott Jordan + LL visit.  (__)
- **11:00 •** Odessa Deng + 5 (SCRB111 Student Group Recording).  (_odeng, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, mli, coulsonrich, amiall, tejasvisingh_)
- **13:15 •** HMS MMH Camera experimentation.  (_casey_cann, leahjackson, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:00 •** toolTime: portraits!.  (_carolinegage, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, caleb_lee, ahenry, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **14:00 •** Alex Luchtenberg (SLAVIC193 Student Recording).  (_aluchtenberg, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, carolinegage, charliemcnamara, ahenry_)
- **15:00 •** WelcomeLab.  (_lilyroberts, halleakaeze_)
- **15:00 •** Studio Assistance.  (_juliasperling_)
- **15:30 •** EXPOS20Gold Capstone Check in. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/98008746733?pwd=VDE3dmUzQ3doVTFkQlpUTWJZdnhBQT09Password: 479350Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 301 715 8592&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 305 224 1968&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke, alexandra_gold_)
- **16:00 •** SCRB111 Student Group Recording.  (_cpartridge, morgan_sokol, mayarayle, hpatel, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **16:45 •** Live Event Support: EXPOS20Alqera. #lluf (_vwijerathnayapa, mmarcus, halleakaeze_)
- **17:00 •** PSY1816 Zoom Hackathon (ATG running).  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **17:00 •** EXPOS20Alqera Capstone Event.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, mkuzmick, cdauria_)
### Thursday • 20221208

- **9:00 •** LLUFs helping decorate!.  (_krissykolasheski, halleakaeze, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **11:30 •** Staff Holiday Lunch.  (_pamelapollock, laura_madden, cdauria, casey_cann, caroline_walsh, danielle_duke, abeaver, efinnegan, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, gracegomez, jmjohns, ashliesandoval, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jkoffman, mkuzmick, glater, lukepollack, tbrenner, semory_)
- **13:30 •** Olivia Carter (MUSIC159R student recording).  (_oliviacarter, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **14:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_lilyroberts_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, vwijerathnayapa, mmarcus_)
- **15:30 •** Mark Rader + LL Consultation. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/94624923571?pwd=bGxac0czSjJkVXpEQjhGbXRaV2Fxdz09Password: 292531Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 301 715 8592&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 305 224 1968&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke, mark.rader_)
- **15:30 •** Studio Assistance.  (_alisaregassa, juliasperling, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **18:00 •** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
### Friday • 20221209

- **0:00 •** hold for GENED1080 Fest transporting equipment.  (__)
- **9:00 •** Project Review Meeting. Goals (in progress):- review any possible prototypes/actions that could come from consultations- review projects we haven't seen in a while- potentially use this meeting to add things to ll-report-this? (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke_)
- **9:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **9:00 •** Media Office Hours.  (_mariacuervo_)
- **9:00 •** WelcomeLab.  (__)
- **11:00 •** hold for LLUFs helping decorate!.  (_caleb_lee, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **11:00 •** Media Office Hours.  (_charliemcnamara, mariacuervo_)
- **11:00 •** WelcomeLab.  (_lilyroberts_)
- **13:00 •** Media Office Hours.  (_ameliejulicher, emmysemprun_)
- **13:30 •** designLab.  (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885_)
- **13:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)
- **15:00 •** Media Office Hours.  (_harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **15:30 •** Bok Holiday Party.  (_abeaver, tbrenner, casey_cann, danielle_duke, semory, efinnegan, glater, jmjohns, jkoffman, mkuzmick, laura_madden, pamelapollock, caroline_walsh, lukepollack, cdauria, gracegomez, ashliesandoval, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:30 •** WelcomeLab.  (_krissykolasheski_)

## Microprojects

- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.

## Projects

- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.

## Shoots

- **2022-12-05T14:15:00.000Z:** Christian Porter (EMR152 Student Recording). (_cporter, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-12-05T14:45:00.000Z:** Alex Luchtenberg (SLAVIC193 Student Recording). (_harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, aluchtenberg_)
- **2022-12-05T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ella Bradford. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, embradford, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T15:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Andy Zeng. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, azeng, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T15:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Alex James. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, alex.j1720, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T15:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Joel Runevic. (_joelrunevic, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ruijia Liu. (_ruijialiu, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Diana Khimey. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, dkhimey, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Sophia Fend). (_sfend, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:30:00.000Z:** Maddy Kidd + 2 (SCRB111 Student Group Recording). (_harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, mkidd_)
- **2022-12-05T16:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Anita Dugbartey. (_anitadugbartey, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T17:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Riley Flynn. (_rflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ryan Novoa. (_ryannovoa, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Amina Salahou. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, aminasalahou, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:00:00.000Z:** TDM90AR Interviews. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jstegall, rachelsharesapolsky, kbrehm, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-12-05T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lucy Vuong. (_lucyvuong, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T18:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Liza de Figueiredo . (_edefigueiredo, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Victor Zeidenfeld). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, vzeidenfeld, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ailyn Alissandra Alvarez Perez. (_ailyn_alvarezperez, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Alyssa Ross). (_amross, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Hillary Jean-Gilles. (_hjeangilles, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T19:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Imamberdieva. (_nimamberdieva, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Charlotte Gilmour. (_charlottegilmour, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, ahenry, halleakaeze_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lydia Fraser. (_lydiafraser, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** EXPOS20Brown Podcasting Hackathon. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, willabrown, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** Megan Huo and Giovanni D'Antonio (EXPOS20Alqera Student Recording). (_meganhuo, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, giovannidantonio_)
- **2022-12-05T20:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Eric Vasquez. (_evasquezreyes, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Aaliyah Decker. (_adecker, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Norah Ostin. (_nostin, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T22:00:00.000Z:** Studio prep for EMR152. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jok5721, casey_cann, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, dbermudes, caleb_lee, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **2022-12-06T14:00:00.000Z:** Studio prep for EMR152. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, caleb_lee, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, casey_cann, jok5721, carolinegage, mariacuervo_)
- **2022-12-06T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-06T16:30:00.000Z:** Philosophy Senior Thesis Video Interviews (MDF Malcolm). (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, mmorano, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-06T17:00:00.000Z:** EMR152 Final Project Showcase Event. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, eleanor_craig, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-12-06T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, ahenry, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **2022-12-06T22:00:00.000Z:** GENED1044 Hackathon. (_carolinegage, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, low, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-06T22:00:00.000Z:** Lily small studio recording. (_lilyroberts, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-12-07T14:00:00.000Z:** hold for Matthew + 3 (SCRB111 Student Group Recording). (_matthewgarcia, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, katecazares, vap208, mabuelem_)
- **2022-12-07T16:00:00.000Z:** Odessa Deng + 5 (SCRB111 Student Group Recording). (_odeng, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, mli, coulsonrich, amiall, tejasvisingh_)
- **2022-12-07T18:15:00.000Z:** HMS MMH Camera experimentation. (_casey_cann, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, leahjackson_)
- **2022-12-07T19:00:00.000Z:** Alex Luchtenberg (SLAVIC193 Student Recording). (_aluchtenberg, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-12-07T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, carolinegage, charliemcnamara, ahenry_)
- **2022-12-07T21:00:00.000Z:** SCRB111 Student Group Recording. (_cpartridge, morgan_sokol, mayarayle, hpatel, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-07T22:00:00.000Z:** EXPOS20Alqera Capstone Event. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, mkuzmick, cdauria_)
- **2022-12-08T18:30:00.000Z:** Olivia Carter (MUSIC159R student recording). (_oliviacarter, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-12-08T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, vwijerathnayapa, mmarcus_)
- **2022-12-08T23:00:00.000Z:** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-09T14:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-09T18:30:00.000Z:** designLab. (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885_)
- **2022-12-09T20:30:00.000Z:** Bok Holiday Party. (_abeaver, tbrenner, casey_cann, danielle_duke, semory, efinnegan, glater, jmjohns, jkoffman, mkuzmick, laura_madden, pamelapollock, caroline_walsh, lukepollack, cdauria, gracegomez, ashliesandoval, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-12T14:00:00.000Z:** GENED1080 Fest. (_jkoffman, casey_cann, andronic, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jacobcardonamedia, cbenham, slundgren, dbermudes, charliemcnamara_)
- **2022-12-12T14:30:00.000Z:** Set up for HH Portraits. (_casey_cann, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, mkuzmick_)
- **2022-12-12T15:30:00.000Z:** EXPOS20Gold Capstone Event. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, mkuzmick, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-12T16:30:00.000Z:** HH Portraits. (_casey_cann, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, mkuzmick_)
- **2022-12-12T17:00:00.000Z:** breaking down GENED1080 Fest. (_jkoffman, casey_cann, andronic, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jacobcardonamedia_)
- **2022-12-12T17:00:00.000Z:** EXPOS20Gold Capstone Event. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, mkuzmick, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-12T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-13T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-14T14:00:00.000Z:** SCRB111 Final Viewing Party. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, jkoffman, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jessica_whited_)
- **2022-12-14T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-14T20:00:00.000Z:** set up for Parker Quartet. (_casey_cann, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-15T15:00:00.000Z:** Parker Quartet Filming. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jkoffman, lukepollack, casey_cann, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-12-15T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-16T14:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-16T18:30:00.000Z:** designLab. (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885_)