---
tags: weekly
---
# week of 20221205

all the things for this week.

## big things
* many shoots
* capstone events
    * EMR152 (Monday prep! for Tuesday) JK (caleb on live event support)
    * EXPOS2Alqera (Wednesday) CD (allure + matilda on live event support)
* hackathons
    * EXPOS20Brown (Monday)
    * GENED1044 Deep History (Tuesday) JK (caroline on live event support)
* Scott Jordan visit (Wednesday)
* staff holiday lunch in LL
* holiday party in LL
* prepping/packing for 1080 Fest
    * DD to talk to CC and JK and get on the calendar
* toolTime
    * this Wednesday on portraits (JK)

## looking ahead
* LL staff look for times you want to work from home december 19 through jan 26!
* MDFs excited about web design things, big resouce doc on minis, 
* labs -
    * scrollLabs will become webLab, and an offshoot on coding
    * avLab and 3dLab want to stay the same
    * staff can work on prototypes - what things would be valuable?
        * unity starter kit
        * avLab 
            * chalkTalk
            * video shorts
        * web
            * views of student projects
        * 3dlab
            * virtual gallery idea
* LLUFs
    * identify office hours llufs to help with prototypes
    * JK will find out when they are leaving and coming back
    * horizons deadline - end of term
        * these would be good raw material for web-based portfolios
        * JK and DD can work on airtable form to structure data that we can use as a prototype for jessi's web based portfolio

## Actions

### InProgress
- annual report (**DD**)
- pop-up coding thing for MDFs (**CD**)
- shanni and ria office hours (**CD**)
- media base (**DD**)

### Now
- undefined (**JK**)
- creating thank you package microproject records (**Abigail Cannon**)
- keep adding LL supported courses in bok courses base (**Abigail Cannon**)
- update EXPOS20 titles in bok courses base (**Abigail Cannon**)
- thank yous (**DD**)
- add sheza notes to client log and hackmd (**DD**)

### Today
- create a css file for markdown to pdf styling (**JK**)
- plan for the projection screen? (**CC**)
- figure out workflow for checklists (**JK, CC**)
- store Vizio and other remotes in easy-to-reach places (**CC**)
- add priority to actions, micros, and projects (**DD**)
- testing (**LLStudio StudioDev**)
- assign all hypers fixed IPs (**CC**)
- any llufs interested in ar zone--effect house (tiktok (**JK**)
- ask mk about hosting a bok undergrad mixer where we t (**JK**)
- get MPA to tighten any cam plates that have loosened (**CC**)
- check in with caroline and JK about canva (**DD**)
- launch ll-clock project (**MK**)
- clean main studio (**Any LLUF**)
- clean paper counter (**Any LLUF**)
- clean open space tables (**Any LLUF**)
- get mk to show you jar of old cables for weaving proj (**JK**)
- print microprojects and projects (**MK**)
- shoot report added (**MK**)
- managed switch/router for testing (**MK**)
- microproject launch (**MK**)
- hackmd create (**MK**)
- launch prototype 4-song-vote (**MK**)
- consolidate all tools code in lls (**MK**)
- test localhost from other machines on network for rea (**MK**)
- Ps shava in staff photo (**JK**)
- find media options with llufs (**JK**)

### Tomorrow
- work on bok photos and tags (**DD**)
- remind MK to buy button supplies (**DD**)
- tools for blue box (**MK**)
- notebook situation (**MK**)
- basic blender script template added to pumpkin project (**MK**)
- add menu.learninglab.xyz to menu (**MK**)
- adobe licenses and aws in 1p (**MK**)
- launch ll-timer project (**MK**)
- soft extra fine nib handy for notes (**MK**)
- launch project 101 activities (**MK**)
- studio checklists and tasks (**MK**)
- number all cams and add numbers to physical cam (**MK**)
- savehackmd slash (**MK**)

### ThisWeek
- figure out how to get people to tag tasks with projec (**JK, DD**)
- do we need more long two-prong power of each type to  (**CC**)
- options for raising main conf monitors 8 inches (**CC**)
- launch all of these as projects and microprojects (**MK**)
- microproject or doc slash (**MK**)
- Named and numbered macros for each camera (**CC**)
- react scrollama (**Learning Studio**)
- check with mk about onboarding headshots (**DD**)
- get together j-term project around videos with adam w (**CD**)
- NEW INGEST BASE (**MK**)
- new microproject = clock desgin (**MK**)
- check in with casey and dézhawn about logic tooltime (**DD**)
- order more sdx's for editing proxy (**MK**)
- get that vs code react plugin that firebase io was ta (**MK**)
- launch prototype of hh scroll (**MK**)
- test accessing react app from LAN (**MK**)
- launch captioning script once studio is set up (**MK**)
- help JK and LLUFs set up Synology 2 with link aggrega (**MK**)
- 2+ pcs in operation (control room and main studio) (**MK**)
- follow up with folks from disability celebration (**CD**)
- web presence for ACI (**CD**)
- add slash for lens studio machine (**MK**)
- microproject launch (**MK**)
- app homes for slack bots (**MK**)
- more DSK use (**MK**)
- react slide deck options for workshops and ll story (**MK**)
- aws and xyz (**MK**)
- determine emails and slack ids for studio, mpas, lluf (**MK**)
- launch mission: c4d-2-blender (**JK**)
- proxy folder-of-shoots (**MK**)
- random stills (**MK**)
- peakgif (**MK**)
- basic alexa (**MK**)
- basic next 13 (**MK**)
- test to see what happens if the atem 8k is synched ha (**MK**)
undefined

## Events

### Monday • 20221128

- **8:30 •** Monday Studio Launch . #lluf (_mwknoke, pacousins, mmarcus, mariacuervo_)
- **9:30 •** Live Event Support: MUSIC250HFA. #lluf (_ahenry, halleakaeze_)
- **9:45 •**  MUSIC250HFA Digital Tools Workshop. Marlon will lead. Any other LL staff who want to help out is amazing.
+ Siriana is teaching until 10am so can be here ~10:15ish. (_mkuzmick, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, slundgren_)
- **10:00 •** Documentation and Ae work time.  (_emmysemprun_)
- **13:30 •** Caroline Gage + group (Social Studies 10a Tutorial Video Recording).  (_carolinegage, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, vatsal_naresh, abigailmack, minkoko, zerdos, samjones, sammeacham_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, caleb_lee, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, mmiyasaka, cbriascostewart_)
- **15:00 •** Ashley, Celine, and Leyla (OEB50 Podcast Recording). Ashley SchreiberCeline Opeyemi Ibrahim&nbsp;Leyla Ewald&nbsp; (_lewald, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, celineibrahim_)
- **15:00 •** EMR152 Student Consultation (Khin Oo).  (_khinoo, jkoffman, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **15:30 •** MDF check-in: Ria Gyawali.  (_cdauria, riagyawali_)
- **15:30 •** Studio Assistance.  (_alisaregassa, mariahnorman, juliasperling, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **16:00 •** LL Team Meeting.  (_casey_cann, cdauria, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick_)
- **16:30 •** Hold - Nika Rudenko (Neuro80 Student Recording). GDrive:&nbsp;Nika Rudenko (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
### Tuesday • 20221129

- **9:00 •** Studio Assistance.  (_charliemcnamara, mariacuervo_)
- **10:15 •** Anza Mitchell - ADSP Interview with Learning Lab.  (_cdauria, jkoffman, casey_cann, mkuzmick, danielle_duke, lukepollack, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **10:45 •** hold.  (_jkoffman, casey_cann, danielle_duke_)
- **11:30 •** Joanna Bai (GENED1140 Student Recording). Gdrive for footage:&nbsp;Joanna Bai (_joanna.bai, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **11:30 •** GENED1080 Fest AV check in. Meeting in the LL2 atrium by thestairs. (_jkoffman, casey_cann, johnlee1_)
- **12:00 •** EMR152 Class Meeting. set up classroom in the U shape like photo attached! (_eleanor_craig, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **13:30 •** EMR152 in the studio, preparing for capstone the next week.  (_casey_cann, mkuzmick, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, ahenry, lilyroberts, charliemcnamara, krissykolasheski_)
- **15:30 •** Studio Assistance.  (_ameliejulicher, edengetahun, jgallo, juliasperling_)
### Wednesday • 20221130

- **9:00 •** FRENCH11 Final Oral Exams. From Nicole Mills -I would love to do similar recordings for the French 11 (Beginning French II) students (if possible!) For their final oral exam, they have to meet in partners for a 20 minute "informed discussion" in French on Wednesday, Nov. 30th. This is last year's topic. We will have 1 to 2 sections so I imagine that we would need about ten 20-25 minute time slots on that date.It will be two students on camera talking to each other. They are asked to discuss a visual aid, but if it becomes (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **9:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Adrian Arnaboldi. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student FilmingThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd  (_adrian_arnaboldi, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, maxwellbooker, nlawani, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **9:00 •** Studio Assistance.  (_ahenry, mwknoke, pacousins_)
- **9:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Rosie Collier. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_rosecollier, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, skissinger, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** 3dLab.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, mkuzmick, cdauria, low, cbenham, ceyingst, slundgren, kbholden, danielle_duke, carolinegage, mmarcus, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ngozi Udeh. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ngoziudeh, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** Documentation + Ae worktime.  (_emmysemprun, mmarcus_)
- **10:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Yufan Chen. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_yufan_chen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dylanphan, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Jama Willis. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jamawillis, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, apokuaa, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:00 •** MUSIC97F Podcasting Workshop. 11 students and 3 TFs likely. 
can be in the classroom if needed
mic taste test and run through audacity. (_cdauria, slundgren, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **11:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Justin. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_jclevy, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, cagines, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **12:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Arnav Bansal. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_arnavbansal, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, arnavbansal1, lilyodonoghuemcdonald, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **12:00 •** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. Eugene Wang&#39;s class


&quot;What we essentially want to do is to videotape students&#39; final presentations. Once we have those recordings, we can go from there and edit videos to be put on course websites for future students interested taking this course. They can also be integrated into future teaching, such as assigned viewing in introducing future students to certain special subject areas covered by these presentations in recordings.&quot; (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, yux185, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **13:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Dani Bregman and Emma Kost. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student FilmingThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, danibregman, emmakost, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:00 •** Studio Assistance & Documentation.  (_wsutton, maxjepsen, halleakaeze_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Victoria O'Hare and Zhuoyu Lin. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student FilmingThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd  (_victoriaohare, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, zhuoyulin, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:00 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ian Thompson. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student Filming

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on t (_ianthompson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dlaughary, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:30 •** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Priscilla Agyen. Event Name: FRENCH11 Student FilmingThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH11.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd  (_priscillaagyen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, caleb_lee, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, mmarcus, mmiyasaka, vwijerathnayapa, halleakaeze_)
- **15:30 •** Andrew Bair Consultation. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/95588380294?pwd=L3J2WmpFT2NLaFpCRzZvU0dveUtXdz09Password: 695649Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 312 626 6799&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 646 931 3860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, andrewbair, danielle_duke_)
- **15:30 •** Studio Assistance.  (_jgallo, marianaramirezcabal, juliasperling, mariahnorman_)
- **16:30 •** Outspoken Narrative (Climate Documentary Studio) Consultation. Marlon Kuzmick is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.Join Zoom meetinghttps://harvard.zoom.us/j/99306669432?pwd=TE4rQ3ZPYnYvSDA0REltUksxR2lvQT09Password: 634214Join by telephone (use any number to dial in)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 646 931 3860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 929 436 2866&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 301 715 8592&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+1 309 205 3325&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke, evishwakarma_)
- **17:00 •** maybe hold for ENGLISH CACF Hackathon.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **19:00 •** TDM90AR Puppet Theatre Dress Rehearsal Recording.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall, carletonsophie_)
### Thursday • 20221201

- **9:00 •** Studio Assistance.  (_wsutton, lilyroberts, charliemcnamara, mariacuervo_)
- **9:30 •** Documentation.  (_siennacampbell, yabejie_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Jasmine Huang). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jasminehuang, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:15 •** Blake Whitt - ADSP Interview with Learning Lab.  (_cdauria, jkoffman, casey_cann, mkuzmick, danielle_duke, lukepollack, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c_)
- **10:30 •** Documentation.  (_lilyroberts_)
- **11:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Isabella Rhyu. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, rhyu, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:00 •** MODGRKAA Student Presentation Recordings. 5 students (_dourou, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **12:00 •** GENED1144 Office Hours.  (_mchoi, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **12:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Eleanor Murphy. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_eleanormurphy, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:30 •** Documentation + Audio Work.  (_andrewdesouza, krissykolasheski_)
- **13:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Quinn Brussel. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_quinnbrussel, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. #lluf (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, halleakaeze, ameliejulicher, krissykolasheski, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **15:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Oleksandrivna Rudenko. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, nika_rudenko, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:30 •** Studio Assistance.  (_ahenry, edengetahun, jgallo_)
- **15:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Zoe Chen. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_ziyaochen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **18:00 •** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
### Friday • 20221202

- **9:00 •** Project Review Meeting. Goals (in progress):- review any possible prototypes/actions that could come from consultations- review projects we haven't seen in a while- potentially use this meeting to add things to ll-report-this? (_mkuzmick, danielle_duke_)
- **9:00 •** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours.  (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **9:00 •** Media Office Hours.  (_ahenry, mwknoke_)
- **9:00 •** Studio Assistance.  (_mwknoke, krissykolasheski, pacousins_)
- **9:45 •** Live Event Support: HMS MMH. #lluf (_andrewdesouza_)
- **10:00 •** HMS MMH Pitch Session. Harvard Medical School Media, Medicine, Health programA Hackathon to support students in creating their final media project. (_jkoffman, mkuzmick, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jason_silverstein, carol_benoit, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:30 •** MDF Meeting.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, asiliunas, annaivanov, ceyingst, celiaeckert, cbenham, erivard, mmorano, mchoi, zavrl, queenieluo, riagyawali, low, saeisen, shannizhao, slundgren, tbanks, yux185, kbholden, mkuzmick, casey_cann, cdauria, jkoffman, danielle_duke, lukepollack, sarah.hazelwood, koeva.elitza, xiaomenghan, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **10:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hannah Boen). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_hboen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **11:00 •** Media Office Hours.  (_emmysemprun, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **11:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Joel Crawford). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, joelcrawford, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **11:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Tom Horncastle. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, thorncastle, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **12:00 •** HMS MMH Camera experimentation.  (_casey_cann, leahjackson, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **12:00 •** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. Eugene Wang's class


"What we essentially want to do is to videotape students' final presentations. Once we have those recordings, we can go from there and edit videos to be put on course websites for future students interested taking this course. They can also be integrated into future teaching, such as assigned viewing in introducing future students to certain special subject areas covered by these presentations in recordings." (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **12:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Louis Mukama. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_lpmukama, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **12:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Michelle Boisvert. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_mboisvert, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:00 •** Media Office Hours. #lluf (_ameliejulicher, charliemcnamara, emmysemprun, caleb_lee, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **13:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Paloma Del Valle. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, palomaadelvalle, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:15 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (James GaNun). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jpganun, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **13:30 •** designLab. #lluf (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885, alisaregassa_)
- **13:30 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Sun Kim. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_sunkim1, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **13:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Jack Flynn. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_jflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ottou Fouda. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ottoufouda, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Brett Kim. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_brettkim, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **14:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Silvana Yarrington). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, silvanayarrington, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **14:45 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - David LI. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_davidli, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **15:00 •** scrollLab.  (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, ceyingst, celiaeckert, annaivanov, yux185, queenieluo, koeva.elitza, asiliunas, shannizhao, mchoi, cdauria, mkuzmick, kbholden, jstegall, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **15:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Francisca Lamini. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_franciscalamini, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **15:00 •** Media Office Hours. helping Khin from EMR152 with video editing (_carolinegage, mwknoke, caleb_lee, emmysemprun, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **15:00 •** Khin Oo (EMR152 Student Recording).  (_khinoo, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **15:15 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lachlan Roach. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student FilmingsThis is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on the 3rd (_lachlanroach, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:30 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hanna Johnson). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_hannajohnson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **15:30 •** Studio Assistance.  (_cbriascostewart, mariahnorman, marianaramirezcabal_)
- **15:45 •** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Emmett de Kanter). Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_edekanter, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
### Monday • 20221205

- **8:30 •** Monday Studio Launch . #lluf (_mwknoke, pacousins, mmarcus_)
- **9:00 •** LL Team Meeting.  (_casey_cann, cdauria, danielle_duke, jkoffman, lukepollack, mkuzmick, abigail_cannon_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Presentations. From Nicole Mills -&nbsp;5-10 minute recorded presentations for students on Thursday, Dec. 1st, Friday, Dec. 2nd, and Monday, Dec. 5th. Since we will have 4-5 sections, I thought it may be helpful to have several possible days -- maybe each class is given a particular day to help with organization?Q from LL: For French 10, will it be just like this year, where some folks had slides and some did not? Will you need an overhead camera or specific background?&nbsp;A from NM: Yes, it will be the same (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **10:00 •** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ella Bradford. Event Name: FRENCH10 Student Filmings

This is a filming appointment for FRENCH10.


The entrance to our 50 Church St. office is located to the left of Gong Cha and The Sinclair. Proceed up the ramp and take the elevator to the 3rd floor. Exit the elevator to the left and continue through 2 sets of doors. The Bok Center office will be the second door on your right.

Location: 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA 02138 - The entrance is the ramp where bands load in equipment at the Sinclair. The LL is on  (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, embradford, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)

## Microprojects

- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.

## Projects

- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** This Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Ready To Wrap.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** Next Week.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.
- **undefined:** undefined.

## Shoots

- **2022-11-28T14:45:00.000Z:**  MUSIC250HFA Digital Tools Workshop. (_mkuzmick, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, slundgren_)
- **2022-11-28T18:30:00.000Z:** Caroline Gage + group (Social Studies 10a Tutorial Video Recording). (_carolinegage, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, vatsal_naresh, abigailmack, minkoko, zerdos, samjones, sammeacham_)
- **2022-11-28T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, caleb_lee, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, charliemcnamara, mmiyasaka, cbriascostewart_)
- **2022-11-28T20:00:00.000Z:** Ashley, Celine, and Leyla (OEB50 Podcast Recording). (_lewald, c_4tu0te0gnf37g5f2gu2iu10j70, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, celineibrahim_)
- **2022-11-28T21:30:00.000Z:** Hold - Nika Rudenko (Neuro80 Student Recording). (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-11-29T16:30:00.000Z:** Joanna Bai (GENED1140 Student Recording). (_joanna.bai, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-11-29T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, ahenry, lilyroberts, charliemcnamara, krissykolasheski_)
- **2022-11-30T14:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Adrian Arnaboldi. (_adrian_arnaboldi, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, maxwellbooker, nlawani, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T14:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Rosie Collier. (_rosecollier, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, skissinger, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ngozi Udeh. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ngoziudeh, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T15:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Yufan Chen. (_yufan_chen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dylanphan, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T16:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Jama Willis. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jamawillis, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, apokuaa, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T16:00:00.000Z:** MUSIC97F Podcasting Workshop. (_cdauria, slundgren, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **2022-11-30T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Justin. (_jclevy, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, cagines, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T17:00:00.000Z:** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, yux185, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-11-30T17:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Arnav Bansal. (_arnavbansal, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, arnavbansal1, lilyodonoghuemcdonald, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Dani Bregman and Emma Kost. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, danibregman, emmakost, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Victoria O'Hare and Zhuoyu Lin. (_victoriaohare, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, zhuoyulin, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Ian Thompson. (_ianthompson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, dlaughary, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-11-30T19:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH11 Student Filming - Priscilla Agyen. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, priscillaagyen_)
- **2022-11-30T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, caleb_lee, carolinegage, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, mmarcus, mmiyasaka, vwijerathnayapa, halleakaeze_)
- **2022-11-30T22:00:00.000Z:** maybe hold for ENGLISH CACF Hackathon. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-01T00:00:00.000Z:** TDM90AR Puppet Theatre Dress Rehearsal Recording. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall, carletonsophie_)
- **2022-12-01T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Jasmine Huang). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jasminehuang, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-01T16:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Isabella Rhyu. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, rhyu, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T17:00:00.000Z:** MODGRKAA Student Presentation Recordings. (_dourou, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-01T17:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Eleanor Murphy. (_eleanormurphy, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Quinn Brussel. (_quinnbrussel, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c, halleakaeze, ameliejulicher, krissykolasheski, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa_)
- **2022-12-01T20:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Oleksandrivna Rudenko. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, nika_rudenko, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-01T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Zoe Chen. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, ziyaochen_)
- **2022-12-01T23:00:00.000Z:** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-02T14:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-02T15:00:00.000Z:** HMS MMH Pitch Session. (_jkoffman, mkuzmick, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jason_silverstein, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, carol_benoit_)
- **2022-12-02T15:30:00.000Z:** MDF Meeting. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, asiliunas, annaivanov, ceyingst, celiaeckert, cbenham, erivard, mmorano, mchoi, zavrl, queenieluo, riagyawali, low, saeisen, shannizhao, slundgren, tbanks, yux185, kbholden, mkuzmick, casey_cann, cdauria, jkoffman, danielle_duke, lukepollack, sarah.hazelwood, koeva.elitza, xiaomenghan, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jstegall, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk_)
- **2022-12-02T15:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hannah Boen). (_hboen, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Joel Crawford). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, joelcrawford, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T16:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Tom Horncastle. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, thorncastle, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T17:00:00.000Z:** HMS MMH Camera experimentation. (_casey_cann, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, leahjackson_)
- **2022-12-02T17:00:00.000Z:** HAA184G Student Presentation Recordings in the Main Studio. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-12-02T17:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Louis Mukama. (_lpmukama, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T17:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Michelle Boisvert. (_mboisvert, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Paloma Del Valle. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, palomaadelvalle, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T18:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (James GaNun). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, jpganun, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T18:30:00.000Z:** designLab. (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, alisaregassa, jup885_)
- **2022-12-02T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Sun Kim. (_sunkim1, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T18:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Jack Flynn. (_jflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ottou Fouda. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, ottoufouda, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T19:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Brett Kim. (_brettkim, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T19:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Silvana Yarrington). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, silvanayarrington, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T19:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - David LI. (_davidli, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T20:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Francisca Lamini. (_franciscalamini, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-02T20:00:00.000Z:** Khin Oo (EMR152 Student Recording). (_khinoo, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0_)
- **2022-12-02T20:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lachlan Roach. (_lachlanroach, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T20:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Hanna Johnson). (_hannajohnson, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-02T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Emmett de Kanter). (_edekanter, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T15:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ella Bradford. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, embradford, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T15:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Andy Zeng. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, azeng, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T15:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Alex James. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, alex.j1720, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T15:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Joel Runevic. (_joelrunevic, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ruijia Liu. (_ruijialiu, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Diana Khimey. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, dkhimey, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T16:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Sophia Fend). (_sfend, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T16:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Anita Dugbartey. (_anitadugbartey, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T17:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Riley Flynn. (_rflynn, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ryan Novoa. (_ryannovoa, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Miguel Fernandez). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, miguelfernandez, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T17:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Amina Salahou. (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, aminasalahou, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:00:00.000Z:** TDM90AR Interviews. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, jstegall, rachelsharesapolsky, kbrehm_)
- **2022-12-05T18:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lucy Vuong. (_lucyvuong, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T18:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Liza de Figueiredo . (_edefigueiredo, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Victor Zeidenfeld). (_9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, vzeidenfeld, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T18:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Ailyn Alissandra Alvarez Perez. (_ailyn_alvarezperez, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T19:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Video Filming (Alyssa Ross). (_amross, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Hillary Jean-Gilles. (_hjeangilles, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc_)
- **2022-12-05T19:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Nika Imamberdieva. (_nimamberdieva, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T19:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Charlotte Gilmour. (_charlottegilmour, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-05T20:00:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Lydia Fraser. (_lydiafraser, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:15:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Eric Vasquez. (_evasquezreyes, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:30:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Aaliyah Decker. (_adecker, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T20:45:00.000Z:** FRENCH10 Student Filmings - Norah Ostin. (_nostin, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-05T22:00:00.000Z:** hold for studio prep for EMR152. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-06T14:00:00.000Z:** hold for studio prep for EMR152. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-06T16:00:00.000Z:** Philosophy Senior Thesis Video Interviews (MDF Malcolm). (_c_0lpme2gnir9c3q140psm9nh7mc, mmorano, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-06T17:00:00.000Z:** EMR152 Final Project Showcase Event. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, eleanor_craig, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740_)
- **2022-12-06T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-06T22:00:00.000Z:** GENED1044 Hackathon. (_carolinegage, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, jkoffman, low, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-07T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-07T22:00:00.000Z:** EXPOS20Alqera Capstone Event. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, mkuzmick, cdauria, jkoffman_)
- **2022-12-08T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-08T23:00:00.000Z:** EDUS307A Drop In Studio hours. (_c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, sarah.hazelwood, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o_)
- **2022-12-09T14:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)
- **2022-12-09T18:30:00.000Z:** designLab. (_jkoffman, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, casey_cann, mkuzmick, cdauria, danielle_duke, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, hshin, cbriascostewart, krissykolasheski, brendaceja, jgallo, lilyroberts, vwijerathnayapa, mmiyasaka, estherxiang, caleb_lee, charliemcnamara, mmarcus, ahenry, ameliejulicher, halleakaeze, imanifonfield, cordeliayu, emmysemprun, jpedrazaarellano, andrewdesouza, mariacuervo, marianaramirezcabal, gabrielaterres, joeyhuang, juliasperling, mariahnorman, maxjepsen, michealawah, edengetahun, jup885_)
- **2022-12-09T20:30:00.000Z:** Bok Holiday Party. (_abeaver, tbrenner, casey_cann, danielle_duke, semory, efinnegan, glater, jmjohns, jkoffman, mkuzmick, laura_madden, pamelapollock, caroline_walsh, lukepollack, cdauria, gracegomez, ashliesandoval, 9gm2s2imkeu3ajpf9m6anjeo0c, harvard.edu_o3q9n5fj4qteeqv1scnmfi6i8o, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54_)
- **2022-12-12T14:00:00.000Z:** GENED1080 Fest. (_jkoffman, casey_cann, andronic, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jacobcardonamedia, cbenham, slundgren, dbermudes_)
- **2022-12-12T14:30:00.000Z:** Set up for HH Portraits. (_casey_cann, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, mkuzmick_)
- **2022-12-12T16:30:00.000Z:** HH Portraits. (_casey_cann, lukepollack, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, harvard.edu_pjstvefb5dq42r4dcdmone6ql0, mkuzmick_)
- **2022-12-12T17:00:00.000Z:** breaking down GENED1080 Fest. (_jkoffman, casey_cann, andronic, c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, jacobcardonamedia_)
- **2022-12-12T20:00:00.000Z:** Media Assignment Editing Office Hours. (_c_im70cgoq48llb2jl8qlttsgt54, c_ataunfpf9djb2q3resu44ea740, harvard.edu_jilc0780h9uu09ubet9q87j0mk, harvard.edu_l2ugj4j04l69oa143ldj4ceu8c_)