---
tags: weekly
---

# week of 20230306

all the things for this week.

## big things

* visits
    * CIO Monday
    * Potential Donor Tuesday
        * pull together some sample media/projects to have looping on computers
* workshops
    * [20230308 FRSEMR51R Scientific Presentation workshop plan](/J1i9mCHuT4-U3MNeNRl95A) (CD+Emily)
        * record this one (MPAs can help set up)
        * CD will make a prompt for llufs to work on buttons
    * [20230308 NEURO101RB Poster Making Workshop](https://hackmd.io/@mdf-22-23/SymE-bKAi) (CD+Emily)
* Horizons work
    * [lookbook book](https://hackmd.io/@ll-22-23/rJIqhIF2o/%2FNNqoqIX3RR2Mi1CWI104Ag)
    * last week to get media requests from scholars
    * put some things people can work in the new tasks table
    * shoots
        * [March 13- Emilio @ Houghton](/hOsKUv1PQw20agL7KeTcMQ)
        * [March 16- Garry @ HAM](/20AFGn1-ScK1MItDWFEKPg)
        * [March 17 - Jinyoung @ his lab](/1CJRFiMUQy288QR8aBE_zA)
        * [March 20- Emilio @ Peabody](/IJTwuLg6SqmdxedsWGlWQg)
* LL internal priorities (the next few weeks offer a little bit of time for stuff)
    * `the_work` and `the_menu`
        * physical build
        * printing workflow for
            * room-schedules-for-the-day
            * tasks
            * projects
            * show-your-works
    * `ll-studio-bot`
        * ingest script modifications
        * make this the central script repository and get people to add to it
        * converting shell scripts to server-side-scripts
            * connect to live-stills workflow 
        * which studio is our server?
            * the one at the ingest station
    * [show-your-work (channel and bot and ethos)](/ZmhuFx61SOyFww-zlqt19w)
        * make everyone do it? (or encourage? :)
        * connect to task printing? (see above front-desk)
        * learn-to-do-your-work
            * more pop-up tool-tutorials?
            * mechanics for this?
    * resource/learning base
        * list of workshops (and MDFs attended in part)

### other things

* housing day is march 9 - JK+MW grabbing broll
    * maybe ask matthew to help too?
* staff meeting in LL
* MDF Meeting
* toolTimes:
    * lightroom - March 7
    * airtable and API - march 8
    * to schedule still:
        * slow code with chat gpt - during mdf meeting
        * audacity - chris benham
        * davinci resolve color grading - chris benham
        * video editing - yue
        * unpacking horizons 
        * code/work together times this week
        * eng189vg presentation workshop materials 
        * photoshop/indesign
            * film posters
            * game board
        * test shoot in classroom
    * pepper the schedule with 15 minute tooltimes for MK during office hours and mdf meeting etc.
* Paper workflow (see above front-desk and show-your-work)
* Ingest workflow (see above ll-studio-bot)
* Space
* Storytelling
* Office Hours Updates: we had our first student on Friday! Yay! 
    * let's revisit our comms to students. Friday studentand Alisa requests are a bit beyond OH offers
* Media Ask from Harry Won: Hey Jordan! I hope you are doing well - it was so nice to see you and the LL fam a bit ago! I was wondering if you knew who I should ask to get access to the high res versions of our headshots (the ones on the Horizons page)? I forgot to ask last year haha
* plan studio task lists for each day (JK+MW + (MK+DD))


## the week spring break
* HH shoots
* Dutch visitors
* ivy+ group visiting
* Vagantes Conference
    * dani to check in with them

## Tasks

## Events

## Projects

## Shoots