---
title: 20240827 schedule

---

# 20240827 schedule

## time chunks
* 9 - 9:15
    * coffee
* 9:15 - 9:45: Python Notebooks (MW/MK)
    * MK to decide here!
* 9:45 - 10:15: EMR Race + AI Activity (MK/MW)
    * recursive Python notebook and print to analyze activity we did for Leslie
* 10:15 - 10:30
    * break
* 10:30 - 11: What does Academic Writing Do? (AL + CD)
    * unpacking academic writing's key moves/jigsaw activity
    * academic explainer videos as our destination
* 11 - 11:30: Video Essay: Pt. 1 (AL + CD)
    * unpacking video essay model
    * multimodal wireframe/storyboarding
* 11:30 - 12: Video Essay, Pt. 2 (AL + CD)
    * 1st min of video with arts supplies and overhead
    * video editing taster (CD)
* 12 - 1
    * lunch

## arc
* AI with a coding twist!
    * more AI + coffee + coding!
    * today, we're going to use Python notebooks to explore different ways of interacting with AI tools and making API calls. By working in these notebooks, we try to design experiences that help students either analyze AI's output or (in the second single we'll show you) content they're studying in a course (in this case, a course about race and AI)
* academic explainer videos
    * with the EMR single, we were thinking about an activity students might do during class time, even if they're still going to write a final paper
    * but often you'll support courses where students have to make a final multimodal project
    * Arianna and Christine will lead you through a multi-part activity that could be adapted for many of the courses that you work with, even as we'll emphasize scicomm and science explainer videos
    * the goal for this chunk will be to get you to think about how students might "remediate" key ideas from the course in the form of something like a video essay
    * we'll encourage you to use content from your fields so you can get a similar experience that students have when they complete these assignments
    * we're going to emphasize explainer videos here but there are a ton of different forms you could imagine scaffolding toward in a simlar way since many of these forms require you to develop a narrative and deploy formal elements intentionally in order for that story/idea/message/etc. to get across (any assignment that uses graphic design, for ex., could benefit from the paper prototyping activity since it's very much about how to use color, shape, repetition, alignment, etc. effectively/for a specific rhetorical + analytical purpose!)