---
title: A Short Organum for the Theatre

---

# A Short Organum for the Theatre
**Bertolt Brecht (1948)**

## PROLOGUE

THE following sets out to define an aesthetic drawn from a particular kind of theatrical performance which has been worked out in practice over the past few decades. In the theoretical statements, excursions, technical indications occasionally published in the form of notes to the writer’s plays, aesthetics have only been touched on casually and with comparative lack of interest. There you saw a particular species of theatre extending or contracting its social functions, perfecting or sifting its artistic methods and establishing or maintaining its aesthetics — if the question arose — by rejecting or converting to its own use the dominant conventions of morality or taste according to its tactical needs. This theatre justified its inclination to social commitment by pointing to the social commitment in universally accepted works of art, which only fail to strike the eye because it was the accepted commitment. As for the products of our own time, it held that their lack of any worthwhile content was a sign of decadence: it accused these entertainment emporiums of having degenerated into branches of the bourgeois narcotics business. The stage’s inaccurate representations of our social life, including those classed as so-called Naturalism, led it to call for scientifically exact representations; the tasteless rehashing of empty visual or spiritual palliatives, for the noble logic of the multiplication table. The cult of beauty, conducted with hostility towards learning and contempt for the useful, was dismissed by it as itself contemptible, especially as nothing beautiful resulted.

The battle was for a theatre fit for the scientific age, and where its planners found it too hard to borrow or steal from the armoury of aesthetic concepts enough weapons to defend themselves against the aesthetics of the Press they simply threatened ’to transform the means of enjoyment into an instrument of instruction, and to convert certain amusement establishments into organs of mass communication’ (‘Notes to the opera Mahagonny’). i.e. to emigrate from the realm of the merely enjoyable. Aesthetics, that heirloom of a by now depraved and parasitic class, was in such a lamentable state that a theatre would certainly have gained both in reputation and in elbowroom if it had rechristened itself *thaeter*. And yet what we achieved in the way of theatre for a scientific age was not science but theatre, and the accumulated innovations worked out during the Nazi period and the war — when practical demonstration was impossible — compel some attempt to set this species of theatre in its aesthetic background, or anyhow to sketch for it the outlines of a conceivable aesthetic. To explain the theory of theatrical alienation except within an aesthetic framework would be impossibly awkward.

Today one could go so far as to compile an aesthetics of the exact sciences. Galileo spoke of the elegance of certain formulae and the point of an experiment; Einstein suggests that the sense of beauty has a part to play in the making of scientific discoveries; while the atomic physicist R. Oppenheimer praises the scientific attitude, which ’has its own kind of beauty and seems to suit mankind’s position on earth’.

Let us therefore cause general dismay by revoking our decision to emigrate from the realm of the merely enjoyable, and even more general dismay by announcing our decision to take up lodging there.

Let us treat the theatre as a place of entertainment, as is proper in an aesthetic discussion, and try to discover which type of entertainment suits us best.

### 1
‘Theatre’ consists in this: in making live representations of reported or invented happenings between human beings and doing so with a view to entertainment. At any rate, that is what we shall mean when we speak of theatre, whether old or new.

### 2
To extend this definition we might add happenings between humans and gods, but as we are only seeking to establish the minimum we can leave such matters aside. Even if we did accept such an extension we should still have to say that the ‘theatre’ set-up’s broadest function was to give pleasure. It is the noblest function that we have found for ‘theatre’.

### 3
From the first, it has been the theatre’s business to entertain people, as it also has of all the other arts. It is this business which always gives it its particular dignity; it needs no other passport than fun, but this it has got to have. We should not by any means be giving it a higher status if we were to turn it e.g., into a purveyor of morality; it would on the contrary run the risk of being debased, and this would occur at once if it failed to make its moral lesson enjoyable, and enjoyable to the senses at that: a principle, admittedly, by which morality can only gain. Not even instruction can be demanded of it: at any rate, no more utilitarian lesson than how to move pleasurably, whether in the physical or in the spiritual sphere. The theatre must in fact remain something entirely superfluous, though this indeed means that it is the superfluous for which we live. Nothing needs less justification than pleasure.

### 4
Thus what the ancients, following Aristotle, demanded of tragedy is nothing higher or lower than that it should entertain people. Theatre may be said to be derived from ritual, but that is only to say that it becomes theatre once the two have separated; what it brought over from the mysteries was not its former ritual function, but purely and simply the pleasure which accompanied this. And the catharsis of which Aristotle writes — cleansing by fear and pity, or from fear and pity — is a purification which is performed not only in a pleasurable way, but precisely for the purpose of pleasure. To ask or to accept more of the theatre is to set one’s own mark too low.

### 5
Even when people speak of higher and lower degrees of pleasure, art stares impassively back at them; for it wishes to fly high and low and to be left in peace, so long as it can give pleasure to people.

### 6
Yet there are weaker (simple) and stronger (complex) pleasures which the theatre can create. The last-named, which are what we are dealing with in great drama, attain their climaxes rather as cohabitation does through love: they are more intricate, richer in communication, more contradictory and more productive of results.

### 7
And different periods’ pleasures varied naturally according to the system under which people lived in society at the time. The Greek demos ruled by tyrants had to be entertained differently from the feudal court of Louis XIV. The theatre was required to deliver different representations of men’s life together: not just representations of a different life, but also representations of a different sort.

### 8
According to the sort of entertainment which was possible and necessary under the given conditions of men’s life together, the characters had to be given varying proportions, the situations constructed according to varying points of view. Stories have to be narrated in various ways, so that these particular Greeks may be able to amuse themselves with the inevitability of divine laws where ignorance never mitigates the punishment; these French with the graceful self-discipline demanded of the great ones of this earth by a courtly code of duty; the Englishmen of the Elizabethan age with the self-awareness of the new individual personality which was then uncontrollably bursting out.

### 9
And we must always remember that the pleasure given by representations of such different sorts hardly ever depended on the representation’s likeness to the thing portrayed. Incorrectness, or considerable improbability even, was hardly or not at all disturbing, so long as the incorrectness had a certain consistency and the improbability remained of a constant kind. All that mattered was the illusion of compelling momentum in the story told, and this was created by all sorts of poetic and theatrical means. Even today we are happy to overlook such inaccuracies if we can get something out of the spiritual purifications of Sophocles or the sacrificial acts of Racine or the unbridled frenzies of Shakespeare, by trying to grasp the immense or splendid feelings of the principal characters in these stories.

### 10
For of all the many sorts of representation of happenings between humans which the theatre has made since ancient times, and which have given entertainment despite their incorrectness and improbability, there are even today an astonishing number that also give entertainment to us.

### 11
In establishing the extent to which we can be satisfied by representations from so many different periods — something that can hardly have been possible to the children of those vigorous periods themselves — are we not at the same time creating the suspicion that we have failed to discover the special pleasures, the proper entertainment of our own time?

### 12
And our enjoyment of the theatre must have become weaker than that of the ancients, even if our way of living together is still sufficiently like theirs for it to be felt at all. We grasp the old works by a comparatively new method — empathy — on which they rely little. Thus the greater part of our enjoyment is drawn from other sources than those which our predecessors were able to exploit so fully. We are left safely dependent on beauty of language, on elegance of narration, on passages which stimulate our own private imaginations: in short, on the incidentals of the old works. These are precisely the poetical and theatrical means which hide the imprecisions of the story. Our theatres no longer have either the capacity or the wish to tell these stories, even the relatively recent ones of the great Shakespeare, at all clearly: i.e., to make the connection of events credible. And according to Aristotle — and we agree there — narrative is the soul of drama. We are more and more disturbed to see how crudely and carelessly men’s life together is represented, and that not only in old works but also in contemporary ones constructed according to the old recipes. Our whole way of appreciation is starting to get out of date.

### 13
It is the inaccurate way in which happenings between human beings are represented that restricts our pleasure in the theatre. The reason: we and our forebears have a different relationship to what is being shown.

### 14
For when we look about us for an entertainment whose impact is immediate, for a comprehensive and penetrating pleasure such as our theatre could give us by representations of men’s life together, we have to think of ourselves as children of a scientific age. Our life as human beings in society — i.e., our life — is determined by the sciences to a quite new extent.

### 15
A few hundred years ago a handful of people, working in different countries but in correspondence with one another, performed certain experiments by which they hoped to wring from Nature her secrets. Members of a class of craftsmen in the already powerful cities, they transmitted their discoveries to people who made practical use of them, without expecting more from the new sciences than personal profit for themselves.

### 16
Crafts which had progressed by methods virtually unchanged during a thousand years now developed hugely; in many places, which became linked by competition, they gathered from all directions great masses of men, and these, adopting new forms of organization, started producing on a giant scale. Soon mankind was showing powers whose extent it would till that time scarcely have dared to dream of.

### 17
It was as if mankind for the first time now began a conscious and coordinated effort to make the planet that was its home fit to live on. Many of the earth’s components, such as coal, water, oil, now became treasures. Steam was made to shift vehicles; a few small sparks and the twitching of frogs’ legs revealed a natural force which produced light, carried sounds across continents, etc. In all directions man looked about himself with a new vision, to see how he could adapt to his convenience familiar but as yet unexploited objects. His surroundings changed increasingly from decade to decade, then from year to year, then almost from day to day. I who am writing this write it on a machine which at the time of my birth was unknown. I travel in the new vehicles with a rapidity that my grandfather could not imagine; in those days nothing moved so fast. And I rise in the air: a thing that my father was unable to do. With my father I already spoke across the width of a continent, but it was together with my son that I first saw the moving pictures of the explosion at Hiroshima.

### 18
The new sciences may have made possible this vast alteration and all-important alterability of our surroundings, yet it cannot be said that their spirit determines everything that we do. The reason why the new way of thinking and feeling has not yet penetrated the great mass of men is that the sciences, for all their success in exploiting and dominating nature, have been stopped by the class which they brought to power — the bourgeoisie — from operating in another field where darkness still reigns, namely that of the relations which people have to one another during the exploiting and dominating process. This business on which all alike depended was performed without the new intellectual methods that made it possible ever illuminating the mutual relationships of the people who carried it out. The new approach to nature was not applied to society.

### 19
In the event, people’s mutual relations have become harder to disentangle than ever before. The gigantic joint undertaking on which they are engaged seems more and more to split them into two groups; increases in production lead to increases in misery; only a minority gain from the exploitation of nature, and they only do so because they exploit men. What might be progress for all then becomes advancement for a few, and an ever-increasing part of the productive process gets applied to creating means of destruction for mighty wars. During these wars the mothers of every nation, with their children pressed to them, scan the skies in horror for the deadly inventions of science.

### 20
But science and art meet on this ground, that both are there to make men’s life easier, the one setting out to maintain, the other to entertain us. In the age to come art will create entertainment from that new productivity which can so greatly improve our maintenance, and in itself, if only it is left unshackled, may prove to be the greatest pleasure of them all.

### 21
If we want now to surrender ourselves to this great passion for producing, what ought our representations of men’s life together to look like? What is that productive attitude in face of nature and of society which we children of a scientific age would like to take up pleasurably in our theatre?

### 22
The attitude is a critical one. Faced with a river, it consists in regulating the river; faced with a fruit tree, in spraying the fruit tree; faced with movement, in constructing vehicles and aeroplanes; faced with society, in turning society upside down. Our representations of human social life are designed for river-dwellers, fruit farmers, builders of vehicles and upturners of society, whom we invite into our theatres and beg not to forget their cheerful occupations while we hand the world over to their minds and hearts, for them to change as they think fit.

### 23
The theatre can only adopt such a free attitude if it lets itself be carried along by the strongest currents in its society and associates itself with those who are necessarily most impatient to make great alterations there. The bare wish, if nothing else, to evolve an art fit for the times must drive our theatre of the scientific age straight out into the suburbs, where it can stand as it were wide open, at the disposal of those who live hard and produce much, so that they can be fruitfully entertained there with their great problems. They may find it hard to pay for our art, and immediately to grasp the new method of entertainment, and we shall have to learn in many respects what they need and how they need it; but we can be sure of their interest. For these men who seem so far apart from natural science are only apart from it because they are being forcibly kept apart; and before they can get their hands on it they have first to develop and put into effect a new science of society; so that these are the true children of the scientific age, who alone can get the theatre moving if it is to move at all. A theatre which makes productivity its main source of entertainment has also to take it for its theme, and with greater keenness than ever now that man is everywhere hampered by men from self-production: i.e., from maintaining himself, entertaining and being entertained. The theatre has to become geared into reality if it is to be in a position to turn out effective representations of reality, and to be allowed to do so.

### 24
But this makes it simpler for the theatre to edge as close as possible to the apparatus of education and mass communication. For although we can not bother it with the raw material of knowledge in all its variety, which would stop it from being enjoyable, it is still free to find enjoyment in teaching and inquiring. It constructs its workable representations of society, which are then in a position to influence society, wholly and entirely as a game: for those who are constructing society it sets out society’s experiences, past and present alike, in such a manner that the audience can ’appreciate’ the feelings, insights and impulses which are distilled by the wisest, most active and most passionate among us from the events of the day or the century. They must be entertained with the wisdom that comes from the solution of problems, with the anger that is a practical expression of sympathy with the underdog, with the respect due to those who respect humanity, or rather whatever is kind to humanity; in short, with whatever delights those who are producing something.

### 25
And this also means that the theatre can let its spectators enjoy the particular ethic of their age, which springs from productivity. A theatre which converts the critical approach — i.e., our great productive method — into pleasure finds nothing in the ethical field which it must do and a great deal that it can. Even the wholly anti-social can be a source of enjoyment to society so long as it is presented forcefully and on the grand scale. It then often proves to have considerable powers of understanding and other unusually valuable capacities, applied admittedly to a destructive end. Even the bursting flood of a vast catastrophe can be appreciated in all its majesty by society, if society knows how to master it; then we make it our own.

### 26
For such an operation as this we can hardly accept the theatre as we see it before us. Let us go into one of these houses and observe the effect which it has on the spectators. Looking about us, we see somewhat motionless figures in a peculiar condition: they seem strenuously to be tensing all their muscles, except where these are flabby and exhausted. They scarcely communicate with each other; their relations are those of a lot of sleepers, though of such as dream restlessly because, as is popularly said of those who have nightmares, they are lying on their backs. True, their eyes are open, but they stare rather than see, just as they listen rather than hear. They look at the stage as if in a trance: an expression which comes from the Middle Ages, the days of witches and priests. Seeing and hearing are activities, and can be pleasant ones, but these people seem relieved of activity and like men to whom something is being done. This detached state, where they seem to be given over to vague but profound sensations, grows deeper the better the work of the actors, and so we, as we do not approve of this situation, should like them to be as bad as possible.

### 27
As for the world portrayed there, the world from which slices are cut in order to produce these moods and movements of the emotions, its appearance is such, produced from such slight and wretched stuff as a few pieces of cardboard, a little miming, a bit of text, that one has to admire the theatre folk who, with so feeble a reflection of the real world, can move the feelings of their audience so much more strongly than does the world itself.

### 28
In any case we should excuse these theatre folk, for the pleasures which they sell for money and fame could not be induced by an exacter representation of the world, nor could their inexact renderings be presented in a less magical way. Their capacity to represent people can be seen at work in various instances; it is especially the rogues and the minor figures who reveal their knowledge of humanity and differ one from the other, but the central figures have to be kept general, so that it is easier for the onlooker to identify himself with them, and at all costs each trait of character must be drawn from the narrow field within which everyone can say at once: that is how it is.

### 29
For the spectator wants to be put in possession of quite definite sensations, just as a child does when it climbs on to one of the horses on a roundabout: the sensation of pride that it can ride, and has a horse; the pleasure of being carried, and whirled past other children; the adventurous daydreams in which it pursues others or is pursued, etc. In leading the child to experience all this the degree to which its wooden seat resembles a horse counts little, nor does it matter that the ride is confined to a small circle. The one important point for the spectators in these houses is that they should be able to swap a contradictory world for a consistent one, one that they scarcely know for one of which they can dream.

That is the sort of theatre which we face in our operations, and so far it has been fully able to transmute our optimistic friends, whom we have called the children of the scientific era, into a cowed, credulous, hypnotized mass.

### 30

True, for about half a century they have been able to see rather more faithful representations of human social life, as well as individual figures who were in revolt against certain social evils or even against the structure of society as a whole. They felt interested enough to put up with a temporary and exceptional restriction of language, plot and spiritual scope; for the fresh wind of the scientific spirit nearly withered the charms to which they had grown used. The sacrifice was not especially worth while. The greater subtlety of the representations subtracted from one pleasure without satisfying another. The field of human relationships came within our view, but not within our grasp. Our feelings, having been aroused in the old (magic) way, were bound themselves to remain unaltered.

### 31
For always and everywhere theatres were the amusement centres of a class which restricted the scientific spirit to the natural field, not daring to let it loose on the field of human relationships. The tiny proletarian section of the public, reinforced to a negligible and uncertain extent by renegade intellectuals, likewise still needed the old kind of entertainment, as a relief from its predetermined way of life.

### 32
So let us march ahead! Away with all obstacles! Since we seem to have landed in a battle, let us fight! Have we not seen how disbelief can move mountains? Is it not enough that we should have found that something is being kept from us? Before one thing and another there hangs a curtain: let us draw it up!

### 33
The theatre as we know it shows the structure of society (represented on the stage) as incapable of being influenced by society (in the auditorium). Oedipus, who offended against certain principles underlying the society of his time, is executed: the gods see to that; they are beyond criticism. Shakespeare’s great solitary figures, bearing on their breast the star of their fate, carry through with irresistible force their futile and deadly outbursts; they prepare their own downfall; life, not death, becomes obscene as they collapse; the catastrophe is beyond criticism. Human sacrifices all round! Barbaric delights! We know that the barbarians have their art. Let us create another.

### 34
How much longer are our souls, leaving our ‘mere’ bodies under cover of the darkness, to plunge into those dreamlike figures up on the stage, there to take part in the crescendos and climaxes which ‘normal’ life denies us? What kind of release is it at the end of all these plays (which is a happy end only for the conventions of the period — suitable measures, the restoration of order), when we experience the dreamlike executioner’s axe which cuts short such crescendos as so many excesses? We slink into Oedipus; for taboos still exist and ignorance is no excuse before the law. Into Othello; for jealousy still causes us trouble and everything depends on possession. Into Wallenstein; for we need to be free for the competitive struggle and to observe the rules, or it would peter out. This deadweight of old habits is also needed for plays like *Ghosts* and *The Weavers*, although there the social structure, in the shape of a ‘setting’, presents itself as more open to question. The feelings, insights and impulses of the chief characters are forced on us, and so we learn nothing more about society than we can get from the ‘setting’.

### 35
We need a type of theatre which not only releases the feelings, insights and impulses possible within the particular historical field of human relations in which the action takes place, but employs and encourages those thoughts and feelings which help transform the field itself.

### 36
The field has to be defined in historically relative terms. In other words, we must drop our habit of taking the different social structures of past periods, then stripping them of everything that makes them different; so that they all look more or less like our own, which then acquires from this process a certain air of having been there all along, in other words of permanence pure and simple. Instead, we must leave them their distinguishing marks and keep their impermanence always before our eyes, so that our own period can be seen to be impermanent too. (It is of course futile to make use of fancy colours and folklore for this, such as our theatres apply precisely in order to emphasize the similarities in human behaviour at different times. We shall indicate the theatrical methods below.)

### 37
If we ensure that our characters on the stage are moved by social impulses and that these differ according to the period, then we make it harder for our spectator to identify himself with them. He cannot simply feel: that’s how I would act, but at most can say: if I had lived under those circumstances. And if we play works dealing with our own time as though they were historical, then perhaps the circumstances under which he himself acts will strike him as equally odd; and this is where the critical attitude begins.

### 38
The ‘historical conditions’ must of course not be imagined (nor will they be so constructed) as mysterious Powers (in the background); on the contrary, they are created and maintained by men (and will in due course be altered by them): it is the actions taking place before us that allow us to see what they are.

### 39
If a character responds in a manner historically in keeping with his period, and would respond otherwise in other periods, does that mean that he is not simply ‘Everyman’? It is true that a man will respond differently according to his circumstances and his class; if he were living at another time, or in his youth, or on the darker side of life, he would infallibly give a different response, though one still determined by the same factors and like anyone else’s response in that situation at that time. So should we not ask if there are any further differences of response? Where is the man himself, the living, unmistakeable man, who is not quite identical with those identified with him? It is clear that his stage image must bring him to light, and this will come about if this particular contradiction is recreated in the image. The image that gives historical definition will retain something of the rough sketching which indicates traces of other movements and features all around the fully-worked-out figure. Or imagine a man standing in a valley and making a speech in which he occasionally changes his views or simply utters sentences which contradict one another, so that the accompanying echo forces them into confrontation.

### 40
Such images certainly demand a way of acting which will leave the spectator’s intellect free and highly mobile. He has again and again to make what one might call hypothetical adjustments to our structure, by mentally switching off the motive forces of our society or by substituting others for them: a process which leads real conduct to acquire an element of ‘un-naturalness’, thus allowing the real motive forces to be shorn of their naturalness and become capable of manipulation.

### 41
It is the same as when an irrigation expert looks at a river together with its former bed and various hypothetical courses which it might have followed if there had been a different tilt to the plateau or a different volume of water. And while he in his mind is looking at a new river, the socialist in his is hearing new kinds of talk from the labourers who work by it. And similarly in the theatre our spectator should find that the incidents set among such labourers are also accompanied by echoes and by traces of sketching.

### 42
The kind of acting which was tried out at the Schiffbauerdamm Theater in Berlin between the First and Second World Wars, with the object of producing such images, is based on the ‘alienation effect’ (A-effect). A representation that alienates is one which allows us to recognize its subject, but at the same time makes it seem unfamiliar. The classical and medieval theatre alienated its characters by making them wear human or animal masks; the Asiatic theatre even today uses musical and pantomimic A-effects. Such devices were certainly a barrier to empathy, and yet this technique owed more, not less, to hypnotic suggestion than do those by which empathy is achieved. The social aims of these old devices were entirely different from our own.

### 43
The old A-effects quite remove the object represented from the spectator’s grasp, turning it into something that cannot be altered; the new are not odd in themselves, though the unscientific eye stamps anything strange as odd. The new alienations are only designed to free socially-conditioned phenomena from that stamp of familiarity which protects them against our grasp today.

### 44
For it seems impossible to alter what has long not been altered. We are always coming on things that are too obvious for us to bother to understand them. What men experience among themselves they think of as ‘the’ human experience. A child, living in a world of old men, learns how things work there. He knows the run of things before he can walk. If anyone is bold enough to want something further, he only wants to have it as an exception. Even if he realizes that the arrangements made for him by ‘Providence’ are only what has been provided by society he is bound to see society, that vast collection of beings like himself, as a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts and therefore not in any way to be influenced. Moreover, he would be used to things that could not be influenced; and who mistrusts what he is used to? To transform himself from general passive acceptance to a corresponding state of suspicious inquiry he would need to develop that detached eye with which the great Galileo observed a swinging chandelier. He was amazed by this pendulum motion, as if he had not expected it and could not understand its occurring, and this enabled him to come on the rules by which it was governed. Here is the outlook, disconcerting but fruitful, which the theatre must provoke with its representations of human social life. It must amaze its public, and this can be achieved by a technique of alienating the familiar.

### 45
This technique allows the theatre to make use in its representations of the new social scientific method known as dialectical materialism. In order to unearth society’s laws of motion this method treats social situations as processes, and traces out all their inconsistencies. It regards nothing as existing except in so far as it changes, in other words is in disharmony with itself. This also goes for those human feelings, opinions and attitudes through which at any time the form of men’s life together finds its expression.

### 46
Our own period, which is transforming nature in so many and different ways, takes special interest in the malleability of society. It can only interest us to see how society’s shortcomings make men’s feelings, thoughts and habits suffer and become entangled, if it is always possible to think of a state of things in which that suffering will end and those entanglements be resolved. Society can only be described as describable, as the astronomer describes the moon as capable of being illuminated; i.e., illuminated by us.

### 47
So a representation that follows this method must let the spectator find out the conditions under which human attitudes become understandable. The representation will do this if it limits itself to the one attitude that is conditioned by its circumstances; it must not try to take man as ‘man’, known as such and existing as such, nor let the characters ‘stamp’ their own attitudes on the events depicted.

### 48
It may be that this outlook will help to reduce the interest of ‘plot’ in the sense of a sequence of incidents imposed from outside on the characters. That would also reduce the importance of the artistic concept known as ‘fate’.

### 49
Fate, in this sense, is only to be found where human affairs are untouchable and great catastrophes can occur ‘just like that’, so to speak; in a society where it is not yet recognized that catastrophe is simply the result of human weaknesses or incompetence. Where the new outlook is adopted, however, men are prepared to play their part in a constructive intervention in public affairs. And since every action leads to new situations that demand a response, and each response leads to a new action, men become involved in creating their own destiny, which now loses its mystic aspect.

### 50
The use of dialectics as a method may appear strange in the theatre because this is a place that aims to entertain. But dialectics are by no means dull or remote from life. For when our theatre audience sits there as mere contemplators of an apparently stable world and get carried away by empathy, as they are meant to do, all they need is a little more practice before they can intervene actively in public life, where they will have to observe, be moved and act. Empathy cannot simply be switched on and off. Even during a play a man can be given the opportunity of stopping being empathic and reacting as an observer.

### 51
This matters particularly in the portrayal of large-scale events or ones where the outside world is abruptly changed, as in wars and revolutions. The spectator can then have the whole situation and the whole course of events set before him. He can for instance hear a woman speaking and imagine her speaking differently, let us say in a few weeks’ time, or other men speaking differently at that moment but in another place. This would be possible if the actress were to play as though the woman had lived through the entire period and were now, out of her memory and her pledge of what happened next, recalling those utterances of hers which were important at the time; for what is important here is what became important. To alienate an individual in this way, as being 'this particular individual' and 'this particular individual at this particular moment', is only possible if there are no illusions that the player is identical with the character and the performance with the actual event.

### 52
We shall find that this has meant scrapping yet another illusion: that everyone behaves like the character concerned. 'I am doing this' has become 'I did this', and now 'he did this' has got to become 'he did this, when he might have done something else'. It is too great a simplification if we make actions fit the character and the character fit the actions: the inconsistencies which are to be found in the actions and characters of real people cannot be shown like this. The laws of motion of a society are not to be demonstrated by 'perfect examples', for 'imperfection' (inconsistency) is an initial part of motion and of the thing moved. It is only necessary — but absolutely necessary — that there should be something approaching experimental conditions, i.e., that a counter-experiment should now and then be conceivable. Altogether this is a way of treating society as if all its actions were performed as experiments. Mankind’s highest decisions are in fact fought out as experiments.

### 53
Even if empathy, or self-identification with the character, can be usefully indulged in at rehearsals (something to be avoided in a performance), it has to be treated just as one of a number of methods of observation. It helps when rehearsing, for even though the contemporary theatre has applied it in an indiscriminate way it has nonetheless led to subtle delineation of personality. But it is the crudest form of empathy when the actor simply asks: what should I be like if this or that were to happen to me? What would it look like if I were to say this and do that? — instead of asking: have I ever heard somebody saying this and doing that? In order to piece together all sorts of elements with which to construct a new character such as would allow the story to have taken place — and a good deal else. The coherence of the character is in fact shown by the way in which its individual qualities contradict one another.

### 54
Observation is a major part of acting. The actor observes his fellow-men with all his nerves and muscles in an act of imitation which is at the same time a process of the mind. For pure imitation would only bring out what had been observed; and this is not enough, because the original says what it has to say with too subdued a voice. To achieve a character rather than a caricature, the actor looks at people as though they were playing him their actions, in other words as though they were advising him to give their actions careful consideration.

### 55
Without opinions and objectives one can represent nothing at all. Without knowledge one can show nothing; how could one know what would be worth knowing? Unless the actor is satisfied to be a parrot or a monkey he must master our period’s knowledge of human social life by himself joining in the war of the classes. Some people may feel this to be degrading, because they rank art, once the money side has been settled, as one of the highest things; but mankind’s highest decisions are in fact fought out on earth, not in the heavens; in the 'external' world, not inside people’s heads. Nobody can stand above the warring classes, for nobody can stand above the human race. Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring classes. Thus for art to be 'unpolitical' means only to ally itself with the 'ruling' group.

### 56
So the choice of viewpoint is also a major element of the actor’s art, and it has to be decided outside the theatre. Like the transformation of nature, that of society is a liberating act; and it is the joys of liberation which the theatre of a scientific age has got to convey.

### 57
Let us go on to examine how, for instance, this viewpoint affects the actor’s interpretation of his part. It then becomes important that he should not 'catch on' too quickly. Even if he straightway establishes the most natural cadences for his part, the least awkward way of speaking it, he still cannot regard its actual pronouncement as being ideally natural, but must think twice and take his own general opinions into account, then consider various other conceivable pronouncements; in short, take up the attitude of a man who just wonders. This is not only to prevent him from 'fixing' a particular character prematurely, so that it has to be stuffed out with afterthoughts because he has not waited to register all the other pronouncements, and especially those of the other characters; but also and principally in order to build into the character that element of 'Not — But' on which so much depends if society, in the shape of the audience, is to be able to look at what takes place in such a way as to be able to affect it. Each actor, moreover, instead of concentrating on what suits him and calling it 'human nature', must go above all for what does not suit him, is not his speciality. And along with his part he must commit to memory his first reactions, reserves, criticisms, shocks, so that they are not destroyed by being 'swallowed up' in the final version but are preserved and perceptible; for character and all must not grow on the audience so much as strike it.

### 58
And the learning process must be co-ordinated so that the actor learns as the other actors are learning and develops his character as they are developing theirs. For the smallest social unit is not the single person but two people. In life too we develop one another.

### 59
Here we can learn something from our own theatres’ deplorable habit of letting the dominant actor, the star, occupy the stage to the detriment of everyone else. This habit, which grew up in the last century, turned the play into a mere vehicle for the star and degraded the other actors into ‘feeders’. The stage was split up into centre and periphery. The actor in the centre, the star, received and absorbed all interest; the others dwindled into background figures. This cannot happen in the new theatre, where the story must be told from many sides, the characters must develop one another, and everyone must contribute.

### 60
A mass of operations to develop the character are carried out when it is introduced among the other characters of the play, and the actor will have to memorize what he himself has anticipated in this connection from his reading of the text. But now he finds out much more about himself from the treatment which he gets at the hands of the characters in the play.

### 61
The realm of attitudes adopted by the characters towards one another is what we call the realm of gest. Physical attitude, tone of voice and facial expression are all determined by a social gest: the characters are cursing, flattering, instructing one another, and so on. The attitudes which people adopt towards one another include even those attitudes which would appear to be quite private, such as the utterances of physical pain in an illness, or of religious faith. These expressions of a gest are usually highly complicated and contradictory, so that they cannot be rendered by any single word and the actor must take care that in giving his image the necessary emphasis he does not lose anything, but emphasizes the entire complex.

### 62
The actor masters his character by paying critical attention to its manifold utterances, as also to those of his counterparts and of all the other characters involved.

### 63

Let us get down to the problem of gestic content by running through the opening scenes of a fairly mod- ern play, my own Life of Galileo. Since we wish at the same time to find out what light the different utterances cast on one another we will assume that it is not our first introduction to the play. It begins with the man of forty-six having his morning wash, broken by occasional browsing in books and by a lesson on the solar system for Andrea Sarti, a small boy. To play this, surely you have got to know that we shall be ending with the man of seventy-eight having his supper, just after he has said good-bye for ever to the same pupil? He is then more terri- bly altered than this passage of time could possibly have brought about. He wolfs his food with unre- strained greed, no other idea in his head; he has rid himself of his educational mission in shameful cir- cumstances, as though it were a burden: he, who once drank his morning milk without a care, greedy to teach the boy. But does he really drink it without care? Isn’t the pleasure of drinking and washing one with the pleasure which he takes in the new ideas? Don’t forget: he thinks out of self-indulgence. . . . Is that good or bad? I would advise you to represent it as good, since on this point you will find nothing in the whole play to harm society, and more especially because you yourself are, I hope, a gallant child of the scientific age. But take careful note: many hor- rible things will happen in this connection. The fact that the man who here acclaims the new age will be forced at the end to beg this age to disown him as contemptible, even to dispossess him; all this will be relevant. As for the lesson, you may like to de- cide whether the man’s heart is so full that his mouth is overflowing, so that he has to talk to anybody about it, even a child, or whether the child has first to draw the knowledge out of him, by knowing him and showing interest. Again, there may be two of them who cannot restrain themselves, the one from asking, the other from giving the answer: a bond of this sort would be interesting, for one day it is going to be rudely snapped. Of course you will want the demonstration of the earth’s rotation round the sun to be conducted quickly, since it is given for noth- ing, and now the wealthy unknown pupil appears, lending the scholar’s time a monetary value. He shows no interest, but he has to be served; Galileo lacks resources, and so he will stand between the wealthy pupil and the intelligent one, and sigh as he makes his choice. There is little that he can teach his new student, so he learns from him instead; he hears of the telescope which has been invented in Holland: in his own way he gets something out of the distur- bance of his morning’s work. The Rector of the uni- versity arrives. Galileo’s application for an increase in salary has been turned down; the university is re- luctant to pay so much for the theories of physics as for those of theology; it wishes him, who after all is operating on a generally-accepted low level of scholarship, to produce something useful here and now. You will see from the way in which he offers his thesis that he is used to being refused and cor- rected. The Rector reminds him that the Republic guarantees freedom of research even if she doesn’t pay; he replies that he cannot make much of this freedom if he lacks the leisure which good payment permits. Here you should not find his impatience too peremptory, or his poverty will not be given due weight. For shortly after that you find him having ideas which need some explanation: the prophet of a new age of scientific truth considers how he can swindle some money out of the Republic by offer- ing her the telescope as his own invention. All he sees in the new invention, you will be surprised to hear, is a few scudi, and he examines it simply with a view to annexing it himself. But if you move on to the second scene you will find that while he is selling the invention to the Venetian Signoria with a speech that disgraces him by its falsehoods he has already almost forgotten the money, because he has realized that the instrument has not only military but astronomical significance. The article which he has been blackmailed — let us call it that — into pro- ducing proves to have great qualities for the very re- search which he had to break off in order to produce it. If during the ceremony, as he complacently ac- cepts the undeserved honours paid him, he outlines to his learned friend the marvellous discoveries in view — don’t overlook the theatrical way in which he does this — you will find in him a far more pro- found excitement than the thought of monetary gain called forth. Perhaps, looked at in this way, his char- latanry does not mean much, but it still shows how determined this man is to take the easy course, and to apply his reason in a base as well as a noble man- ner. A more significant test awaits him, and does not every capitulation bring the next one nearer?

### 64
Splitting such material into one gest after another, the actor masters his character by first mastering the ’story’. It is only after walking all round the en- tire episode that he can, as it were by a single leap, seize and fix his character, complete with all its in- dividual features. Once he has done his best to let himself be amazed by the inconsistencies in its var- ious attitudes, knowing that he will in turn have to make them amaze the audience, then the story as a whole gives him a chance to pull the inconsistencies together; for the story, being a limited episode, has a specific sense, i.e. only gratifies a specific fraction of all the interests that could arise.

### 65
Everything hangs on the ’story’; it is the heart of the theatrical performance. For it is what happens between people that provides them with all the ma- terial that they can discuss, criticize, alter. Even if the particular person represented by the actor has ul- timately to fit into more than just the one episode, it is mainly because the episode will be all the more striking if it reaches fulfilment in a particular person. The ’story’ is the theatre’s great operation, the complete fitting together of all the gestic incidents, embracing the communications and impulses that must now go to make up the audience’s entertain- ment.

### 66
Each single incident has its basic gest: *Richard Gloster courts his victim’s widow. The child’s true mother is found by means of a chalk circle. God has a bet with the Devil for Dr Faustus’s soul. Woyzeck buys a cheap knife in order to do his wife in, etc.* The grouping of the characters on the stage and the movements of the groups must be such that the nec- essary beauty is attained above all by the elegance with which the material conveying that gest is set out and laid bare to the understanding of the audi- ence.

### 67
As we cannot invite the audience to fling itself into the story as if it were a river and let itself be carried vaguely hither and thither, the individual episodes have to be knotted together in such a way that the knots are easily noticed. The episodes must not suc- ceed one another indistinguishably but must give us a chance to interpose our judgment. (If it were above all the obscurity of the original interrelations that interested us, then just this circumstance would have to be sufficiently alienated.) The parts of the story have to be carefully set off one against another by giving each its own structure as a play within the play. To this end it is best to agree to use ti- tles like those in the preceding paragraph. The ti- tles must include the social point, saying at the same time something about the kind of portrayal wanted, i.e. should copy the tone of a chronicle or a bal- lad or a newspaper or a morality. For instance, a simple way of alienating something is that normally applied to customs and moral principles. A visit, the treatment of an enemy, a lovers’ meeting, agree- ments about politics or business, can be portrayed as if they were simply illustrations of general prin- ciples valid for the place in question. Shown thus, the particular and unrepeatable incident acquires a disconcerting look, because it appears as something general, something that has become a principle. As soon as we ask whether in fact it should have be- come such, or what about it should have done so, we are alienating the incident. The poetic approach to history can be studied in the so-called panora- mas at sideshows in fairs. As alienation likewise means a kind of fame certain incidents can just be represented as famous, as though they had for a long while been common knowledge and care must be taken not to offer the least obstacle to their further transmission. In short: there are many conceivable ways of telling a story, some of them known and some still to be discovered.

### 68
What needs to be alienated, and how this is to be done, depends on the exposition demanded by the entire episode; and this is where the theatre has to speak up decisively for the interests of its own time. Let us take as an example of such exposition the old play *Hamlet*. Given the dark and bloody pe- riod in which I am writing — the criminal ruling classes, the widespread doubt in the power of rea- son, continually being misused — I think that I can read the story thus: It is an age of warriors. Ham- let’s father, king of Denmark, slew the king of Nor- way in a successful war of spoliation.∗ While the latter’s son Fortinbras is arming for a fresh war the Danish king is likewise slain: by his own brother. The slain king’s brothers, now themselves kings, avert war by arranging that the Norwegian troops shall cross Danish soil to launch a predatory war against Poland. But at this point the young Ham- let is summoned by his warrior father’s ghost to avenge the crime committed against him. After at first being reluctant to answer one bloody deed by another, and even preparing to go into exile, he meets young Fortinbras at the coast as he is march- ing with his troops to Poland. Overcome by this warrior-like example, he turns back and in a piece of barbaric butchery slaughters his uncle, his mother and himself, leaving Denmark to the Norwegian. These events show the young man, already some- what stout, making the most ineffective use of the new approach to Reason which he has picked up at the university of Wittenberg. In the feudal business to which he returns it simply hampers him. Faced with irrational practices, his reason is utterly un- practical. He falls a tragic victim to the discrepancy between such reasoning and such action. This way of reading the play, which can be read in more than one way, might in my view interest our audience.

### 69
Whether or no literature presents them as successes, each step forward, every emancipation from nature that is scored in the field of production and leads to a transformation of society, all those explorations in some new direction which mankind has embarked on in order to improve its lot, give us a sense of confidence and triumph and lead us to take pleasure in the possibilities of change in all things. Galileo expresses this when he says: ’It is my view that the earth is most noble and wonderful, seeing the great number and variety of changes and genera- tions which incessantly take place on it.’

### 70
The exposition of the story and its communica- tion by suitable means of alienation constitute the main business of the theatre. Not everything de- pends on the actor, even though nothing may be done without taking him into account. The ’story’ is set out, brought forward and shown by the theatre as a whole, by actors, stage designers, mask-makers, costumiers, composers and choreographers. They unite their various arts for the joint operation, with- out of course sacrificing their independence in the process.

### 71
It emphasizes the general gest of showing, which always underlies that which is being shown, when the audience is musically addressed by means of songs. Because of this the actors ought not to ’drop into’ song, but should clearly mark it off from the rest of the text; and this is best reinforced by a few theatrical methods such as changing the lighting or inserting a title. For its part, the music must strongly resist the smooth incorporation which is generally expected of it and turns it into an unthinking slavey. Music does not ’accompany’ except in the form of comment. It cannot simply ’express itself by dis- charging the emotions with which the incidents of the play have filled it. Thus Eisler, e.g. helped ad- mirably in the knotting of the incidents when in the carnival scene of Galileo he set the masked proces- sion of the guilds to a triumphant and threatening music which showed what a revolutionary twist the lower orders had given to the scholar’s astronomical theories. Similarly in The Caucasian Chalk Circle the singer, by using a chilly and unemotional way of singing to describe the servant-girl’s rescue of the child as it is mimed on the stage, makes evident the terror of a period in which motherly instincts can become a suicidal weakness. Thus music can make its point in a number of ways and with full indepen- dence, and can react in its own manner to the sub- jects dealt with; at the same time it can also quite simply help to lend variety to the entertainment.

### 72
Just as the composer wins back his freedom by no longer having to create atmosphere so that the au- dience may be helped to lose itself unreservedly in the events on the stage, so also the stage designer gets considerable freedom as soon as he no longer has to give the illusion of a room or a locality when he is building his sets. It is enough for him to give hints, though these must make statements of greater historical or social interest than does the real set- ting. At the Jewish Theatre in Moscow King Lear was alienated by a structure that recalled a medieval tabernacle; Neher† set Galileo in front of projec- tions of maps, documents and Renaissance works of art; for Haitang erwacht at the Piscator-Theater Heartfield used a back ground of reversible flags bearing inscriptions, to mark changes in the politi- cal situation of which the persons on the stage were sometimes unaware.

### 73
For choreography too there are once again tasks of a realistic kind. It is a relatively recent error to suppose that it has nothing to do with the repre-sentation of ’people as they really are’. If art re- flects life it does so with special mirrors. Art does not become unrealistic by changing the proportions but by changing them in such a way that if the au- dience took its representations as a practical guide to insights and impulses it would go astray in real life. It is of course essential that stylization should not remove the natural element but should heighten it. Anyhow, a theatre where everything depends on the gest cannot do without choreography. Ele- gant movement and graceful grouping, for a start, can alienate, and inventive miming greatly helps the story.

### 74
So let us invite all the sister arts of the drama, not in order to create an ’integrated work of art’ in which they all offer themselves up and are lost, but so that together with the drama they may further the com- mon task in their different ways; and their relations with one another consist in this: that they lead to mutual alienation.

### 75 
And here once again let us recall that their task is to entertain the children of the scientific age, and to do so with sensuousness and humour. This is something that we Germans cannot tell ourselves too often, for with us everything easily slips into the insubstantial and unapproachable, and we be- gin to talk of Weltanschauung‡ when the world in question has already dissolved. Even materialism is little more than an idea with us. Sexual plea- sure with us turns into marital obligations, the plea- sures of art subserve general culture, and by learn- ing we mean not an enjoyable process of finding out, but the forcible shoving of our nose into something. Our activity has none of the pleasure of exploration, and if we want to make an impression we do not say how much fun we have got out of something but how much effort it has cost us.

### 76
One more thing: the delivery to the audience of what has been built up in the rehearsals. Here it is essential that the actual playing should be in- fused with the gest of handing over a finished ar- ticle. What now comes before the spectator is the most frequently repeated of what has not been re- jected, and so the finished representations have to be delivered with the eyes fully open, so that they may be received with the eyes open too.

### 77
That is to say, our representations must take second place to what is represented, men’s life together in society; and the pleasure felt in their perfection must be converted into the higher pleasure felt when the rules emerging from this life in society are treated as imperfect and provisional. In this way the the- atre leaves its spectators productively disposed even after the spectacle is over. Let us hope that their the- atre may allow them to enjoy as entertainment that terrible and never-ending labour which should en- sure their maintenance, together with the terror of their unceasing transformation. Let them here pro- duce their own lives in the simplest way; for the sim- plest way of living is in art.

---

## Appendices to the Short Organum
(The numbers refer to the relevant paragraphs of the work)

### 3
It is not just a matter of art presenting what needs to be learned in an enjoyable form. The contra- diction between learning and enjoyment must be clearly grasped and its significance understood — in a period when knowledge is acquired in order to be resold for the highest possible price, and even a high price does not prevent further exploitation by those who pay it. Only once productivity has been set free can learning be transformed into enjoyment and vice versa.

### 4
(a) If we now discard the concept of EPIC THEATRE we are not discarding that progress towards conscious experience which it still makes possible. It is just that the concept is too slight and too vague for the kind of theatre intended; it needs exacter definition and must achieve more. Besides, it was too inflexibly opposed to the concept of the dramatic, often just taking it naively for granted, roughly in the sense that ’of course’ it always embraces inci- dents that take place directly with all or most of the hall-marks of immediacy. In the same slightly haz- ardous way we always take it for granted that what- ever its novelty it is still theatre, and does not turn into a scientific demonstration. (b) Nor is the con-
cept THEATRE OF THE SCIENTIFIC AGE quite broad enough. The Short Organum may give an ad- equate explanation of what is meant by a scientific age, but the bare expression, in the form in which it is normally used, is too discredited.

### 12
Our enjoyment of old plays becomes greater, the more we can give ourselves up to the new kind of pleasures better suited to our time. To that end we need to develop the historical sense (needed also for the appreciation of new plays) into a real sensual de- light. When our theatres perform plays of other pe- riods they like to annihilate distance, fill in the gap, gloss over the differences. But what comes then of our delight in comparisons, in distance, in dissimilarity — which is at the same time a delight in what is close and proper to ourselves?

### 19
In times of upheaval, fearful and fruitful, the evenings of the doomed classes coincide with the dawns of those that are rising. It is in these twilight periods that Minerva’s owl§ sets out on her flights.

### 43
True, profound, active application of alienation ef- fects takes it for granted that society considers its condition to be historic and capable of improve- ment. True A-effects are of a combative character.

### 45
The theatre of the scientific age is in a position to make dialectics into a source of enjoyment. The un- expectedness of logically progressive or zigzag de- velopment, the instability of every circumstance, the joke of contradiction and so forth: all these are ways of enjoying the liveliness of men, things and pro- cesses, and they heighten both our capacity for life and our pleasure in it. Every art contributes to the greatest art of all, the art of living.

### 46
The bourgeois theatre’s performances always aim at smoothing over contradictions, at creating false harmony, at idealization. Conditions are reported as if they could not be otherwise; characters as individ- uals, incapable by definition of being divided, cast in one block, manifesting themselves in the most various situations, likewise for that matter existing without any situation at all. If there is any develop- ment it is always steady, never by jerks; the devel- opments always take place within a definite frame- work which cannot be broken through. None of this is like reality, so a realistic theatre must give it up.

### 53
(a) However dogmatic it may seem to insist that self-identification with the character should be avoided in the performance, our generation can lis- ten to this warning with advantage. However deter- minedly they obey it they can hardly carry it out to the letter, so the most likely result is that truly rend- ing contradiction between experience and portrayal, empathy and demonstration, justification and criti- cism, which is what is aimed at.
(b) The contradiction between acting (demon- stration) and experience (empathy) often leads the uninstructed to suppose that only one or the other can be manifest in the work of the actor (as if the Short Organum concentrated entirely on acting and the old tradition entirely on experience). In real- ity it is a matter of two mutually hostile processes which fuse in the actor’s work; his performance is not just composed of a bit of the one and a bit of the other. His particular effectiveness comes from the tussle and tension of the two opposites, and also from their depth. The style in which the S.O. is written is partly to blame for this. It is mislead- ing often thanks to a possibly over-impatient and over-exclusive concern with the ’principal side of the contradiction’.2


### 55 
And yet art addresses all alike, and would confront the tiger with its song. What is more, he has been known to join in. New ideas whose fruitfulness is evident irrespective who may reap the fruits are li- able to rise to the ’top’ from classes on their way up, and to get a grip on people who ought by rights to be combating them in an effort to preserve their own privileges. For members of a given class are not immune to ideas from which their class cannnot benefit. Just as the oppressed can succumb to the ideas of their oppressors, so members of the oppres- sor class can fall victim to those of the oppressed. In certain periods when the classes are fighting for the leadership of mankind any man who is not hope- lessly corrupt may feel a strong urge to be counted among its pioneers and to press ahead.

### 64 
The story does not just correspond to an incident from men’s life together as it might actually have taken place, but is composed of episodes rearranged so as to allow the story-teller’s ideas about men’s life to find expression. In the same way the charac- ters are not simply portraits of living people, but are rearranged and formed in accordance with ideas. These rearrangements often in various ways contradict the knowledge which the actors have gained from experience and from books: a contra- diction that the actors must seize and maintain in their performance. The source of their creation must lie at the same time in reality and in the imagination, for both in their work and in that of the playwright reality must appear vivid and rich in order to bring out the specific or general features of the play.

### 65
For a genuine story to emerge it is most impor- tant that the scenes should to start with be played quite simply one after another, using the experi- ence of real life, without taking account of what follows or even of the play’s overall sense. The story then unreels in a contradictory manner; the in- dividual scenes retain their own meaning; they yield (and stimulate) a wealth of ideas; and their sum, the story, unfolds authentically without any cheap all-pervading idealization (one word leading to an- other) or directing of subordinate, purely functional component parts to an ending in which everything is resolved.

### 73
A quotation from Lenin: ’It is impossible to rec- ognize the various happenings in the world in their independence of movement, their spontaneity of de- velopment, their vitality of being, without recogniz- ing them as a unity of opposites.’3
It is a matter of indifference whether the the- atre’s main object is to provide knowledge of the world. The fact remains that the theatre has to rep- resent the world and that its representations must not mislead. If Lenin’s view is right, then they cannot work out satisfactorily without knowledge of dialec- tics — and without making dialectics known.
Objection: What about the kind of art which gets its effects from dark, distorted, fragmentary representations? What about the art of primitive peoples, madmen and children?
If one knows a great deal and can retain what one knows, it may be possible perhaps to get some- thing out of such representations; but we suspect that unduly subjective representations of the world have antisocial effects.

### A Separate Note

Studying a part means at the same time studying the story; or rather, it ought at first to consist mainly in that. (What happens to the character? How does he take it? What opinions does he come in contact with? etc.) To this end the actor needs to muster his knowledge of men and the world, and he must also ask his questions dialectically. (Certain questions are only asked by dialecticians.)
For instance; an actor is due to play Faust. Faust’s love for Gretchen runs a fateful course. The question arises whether just the same thing wouldn’t happen if they got married. This is a question that is not usually asked. It seems too low, vulgar, com- monplace. Faust is a genius, a great soul striving after the infinite; how can anyone dream of asking a question like ’Why doesn’t he get married?’ But simple people do ask it. That in itself must lead the actor to ask it too. And once he has thought about the matter he will realize that this question is not only necessary but extremely fruitful.
We have first of all to decide under what con- ditions this love affair takes place, what is its rela- tion to the story as a whole, what it signifies for the principal theme. Faust has given up his ’lofty’, ab- stract, ’purely spiritual’ attempts to find satisfaction in life, and now turns to ’purely sensual’ earthly ex- periences. His relationship with Gretchen thereby becomes a fateful one. That is to say he comes into conflict with Gretchen; his sense of union becomes a division in two: his satisfaction turns into pain. The conflict leads to Gretchen’s utter destruction, and Faust is hard hit by this. At the same time this conflict can only be portrayed correctly by means of another much wider conflict which dominates the entire work, Parts I and II.
Faust manages to emerge from the painful con- tradiction between his ’purely spiritual’ escapades and his unsatisfied and insatiable ’purely sensual’ appetites, and this thanks to the Devil. In the ’purely sensual’ sphere (of the love affair) Faust comes up against his environment, represented by Gretchen, and has to destroy it in order to escape. The main contradiction is resolved at the end of the whole play; it is this that explains the lesser contradictions and puts them in their place. Faust can no longer behave like a mere consumer, a parasite. Spiritual and sensual activity are united in productive work for mankind; the production of life leads to satisfac- tion in life.
Turning back to our love affair we see that mar- riage, though utterly ’respectable’, out of the ques- tion for a genius and in contradiction with his whole career, would in a relative sense have been better and more productive as being the conjuncture which would have let the woman he loved develop instead of being destroyed. Faust would of course scarcely in that case have been Faust; he would have been bogged down in pettinesses (as suddenly becomes clear) and so forth.
The actor who sympathetically asks the ques- tion that bothers simple people will be able to make Faust’s non-marriage into a clearly-defined stage of his development, where otherwise, by following the usual approach, he merely helps to show that who- ever wishes to rise higher on earth must inevitably create pain, that the need to pay for development and satisfaction is the unavoidable tragedy of life — i.e. the cruellest and most commonplace princi- ple: that you can’t make omelettes without breaking eggs.




