---
title: ll-day-of-20241002

---

# ll-day-of-20241002


## tasks

- turn everything on including ultrastudios and cloud max
- ingest/edit
    - ingest catchup
    - segments of Pamela's students
    - assembly of 2-cam MC from BokSem (MK can then make judgment calls about when we trim)
        - is this Pamela's BokSem or Marlon's?
    - presumably next steps on Comp Lit
- for English 98R at 12:45
    - [rip the Matrix, Black Mirror, Years and Years](https://hackmd.io/c_GVywphRlelEbammpBakw)
    - print selected images, have videos ready for selection and printing
        - have a couple buttons and paper dolls
    - print and xerox the texts they are reading and cut out some passages
    - apps open on the rainbow machines with these assets there
    - live Matrix comps?
    - at least comps and color on the macs
        - show color grading?
        - vs other 90s/00s? or other Keanu?
    - 
- for FYSem 65Q at 3:00
    - stations
        - image gen (get replicate and midjourney and Runway up on iMacs)
        - edit (FCPX open on an iMac)
        - stop-motion/overhead (main table as is)
        - podcast/speak on cam (small studio & classroom)
        - greenscreen (VFX shots and their)
        - classroom?
    - AI processing
        - record
            - classroom
            - small studio
            - main table
        - generate dialogue for small studio and classroom
        - generate titles for main table? ongoing essay?
        - generate prompts from what we see
        - generate images from gilgamesh text
        - custom GPT with text loaded?
    - gilgamesh text
    - image generation tools (and runway) up on color machines
    - live editing rig up and working
    - hijack watcher can help with dialogue
    - add message history to hijack watcher (MK during English?)
    - hijack watcher can offer dialogue suggestions from which to choose?
    - people should be able to talk to hijack watcher to change personality (for Monday)


## events
* ENGLISH 98R 005 workshop
* FYSEMR 65Q Workshop


## meetings

* AI Open House @ CSL Discovery Bar planning
* MPES check-in


## LLUFs

### task brainstorming: 

* [task table for studio](https://airtable.com/appN3NB28TdhG2S7x/tblHsMq7e2MwOiqsd/viwAYqLBckEODBII1?blocks=hide)

### shifts:

| Name    | Shift               | Notes |
|---------|---------------------|-------|
| Amelie  | 11:45am – 1:15pm     |       |
| Tatum   | 1:00pm – 3:00pm      |       |
| Max     | 1:30pm – 3:30pm      |       |
| Allure  | 2:00pm – 5:00pm      |       |
| Elisa   | 3:00pm – 5:00pm      |       |
| Jetta   | 3:00pm – 5:00pm      |       |
| Samara  | 3:00pm – 5:00pm      |       |
