---
title: ll-week-of-20240708

---

# ll-week-of-20240708
we're continuing to cruise through summer! 

check out dani's message in #ll-staff from thursday for some reminders about deadlines.


## miscellaneous
* dan's last day as MPA is monday!
* welcome breakfast for kb tuesday morning at 125
* annual report cover brainstorming tuesday
    * anyone can [add to the pinterest here](https://www.pinterest.com/learninglabpins/annual-report-24/more_ideas/?request_params=%7B%221%22%3A%2039%2C%20%227%22%3A%20%221650734355165733752%22%2C%20%228%22%3A%20%22514184551146181188%22%2C%20%2232%22%3A%2020%2C%20%2237%22%3A%20%22Ideas%20for%20your%20board%22%7D&full_feed_title=Ideas%20for%20your%20board&view_parameter_type=3173&pins_display=3&ideas_referrer=25)
* jk/cb/al check in with sroh for next week's workshop
* cd working on mdf orientation plans
* jk working on lluf job description docs etc.

## big 3 summer projects

### single for the week: compare + contrast
* 

### ai support
* if specific ideas, maybe informal reachouts (re: Rachelle & alexa?)
* decide about reaching out to other courses this month
* start getting ready for other AI things in the fall - come up with some things we want to build or get ready

### space/system
* dd to work on airtables
* everyone interested working with unreal and OBS in the studio!
* non-urgent things to be done at a leisurely pace
    * fill out the space base (continuing where blue left off)
    * for the ethernet cables in the corner that were run: there are 4 cables that are all the same legnth. 2 black ones we can leave for cameras in the corner. but the blue and yellow ones: pull back out of the snake, and allow to be coiled right at the main truss node
    * tidy the 25' -50' or so ethernets running from the system over to the brick wall.
        * two go out to windowsill camera
        * one goes (more neatly) to overhead camera
        * add additional overhead camera and send one there too
        * one goes to a camera on a high-hat with quite a bit of available slack that can sit on the blue toolbox
        * one goes to the wall from the 10gig switch (already done but we can think of ways of tidying)
        * one goes from wall to slower switch (already done? make sure there isn't one between switches)
        * one goes from 10gig switch to Mac Pro
        * one stays ready to go from 10gig switch to a mac studio on brick wall side (and we can add this in if we want)
    * two mini studio cameras can go as overhead in small studio and as an overhead in the classroom
    * drill through a black shelf to mount small-ish pan-tilt heads (make sure room for two cams or else drill evenly spaced out)
    * if we have long enough ethernet cables left to reach these cameras (going across the middle is fine) then we can do taht
