---
tags: mdf
---

# digital-accessibility-group-planning-meeting

20220608 Meeting with:
- Jamie Spear
- Kyle Shachmut (wasn't able to join)

They'll host a workshop during MDF orientation (Aug. 23 at 1:30 pm)


## meeting notes

### dd notes:

concepts they often cover/can cover
* equivalent experience
* alternatives (text alternatives for images, text alternatives for speech)
* essentials for doc creation + website creation
* could cover more broadly how to bring accessibility in (as opposed to specific formats like accessibility in google docs)
* can definitely can cover best practices for video creation
* live presentation tips
    * pre-share presentation slides so folks can see them on their own device/use any assistive technology 
    * describing any visuals you're presenting
    * how to speak in a way that is accessible for a majority of the audience

from mk, would be good for MDFs to know:
* best practices surrounding student work
* training faculty and students on how students should do it

for the future
* MK's idea about a case study workshop where folks can bring what they are working on to highlight application of the concepts discussed (and we could write back to DAS a report of how MDFs benefitted and used these trainings at the end of the year)
* MK interested in integrating live captioning into live events as well (colleague Andy has done a lot with captioning, has worked with captioning vendors as well like automated captions Zoom, OtterAI, Temi. for professional live captions - ViTech.)

from Jamie, about logistics: 
* an hour is perfect - involves teaching & Q&A
* could do more workshops if needed (need at least 10 people for a workshop)
* session will be in person, we can record if we want (& we'll have microphones)



### cd notes:
- they've done a lot of trainings and are flexible about customizing
- alternatives for visuals, speech
- broadly, how to bring this into planning and conversation 
- could have MDFs do a session in the winter again? they want approx. 10; highlight application of the concepts via case studies; then report at the end of the year
- they need a way to present slides in August
- build a public version of shared resources around accessibility with Jamie and MDFs (maybe combine with work Sarah R. has done so far)?
- Take ALL notes in HackMD toward this shared resource


#### A/V needs - 
* presentation slides
* microphone and PA


#### next steps
* jamie will draft a deck and send for our feedback
    * dani will send directions to space and see if jamie wants to chat again, see the space, etc.
* jamie will send us an email with captioning resources

